 100,000 sub special, 100 rated chess, but if your opponent falls below 100% accuracy,  you show your silver button. I mean I don't have this thing yet, so let's just change it to.  The video ends. This is going to be short, so according to the challenge, I need to let him  always play the very best move. Therefore, E4. The first move is very difficult to predict,  so E4 E5 should be my best attempt to keep this video alive. Exactly as planned. Okay,  now comes the hard part. If I just play a normal move, big chance is that he won't be able to find  the very best move because there are too many moves to consider. Therefore, B4. Alright,  I'm making it very clear that bishop takes B4 is the best move, and let's just hope that he's  not one of those guys who just want to move their woman out on the second move. Aha! I was wrong,  I thought that queen g5 was literally the worst move in the position, but Stockfish actually said  that bishop takes B4 was the best move, knight F6 is an alternative, but queen g5 is also an  alternative. Yeah. Trust. F4, queen takes is obviously best, and since he likes to move his  queen, there is no way he can miss it this time. Right? No doubt. This is actually getting pretty  dangerous, so even though I don't really like this move. I have to do it. Alright, now just calm  down, my bishop is attacking your queen, now just go queen H4 check G3 queen D8, or I mean just queen  F6 right now is also fine, and of course in no world do you go bishop takes B4 here because  because that blunders a double attack. Well, since I cannot make a good excuse for that move,  the video ends, but since this is the 100,000 subs special video, I'll answer some of your  questions instead. Why don't you pay your actors? I have no idea what you're talking about.  What is your opinion on tomatoes? They suck. You avoided this question before, but now you got to  be honest since it is 100k subs special, what is your favorite h***? Ah ha, I can see that this guy  is a long time viewer, but of course I'm not going to answer this question because I don't want to  be demonetized. Milk first or cereal first? I actually have never even seen a real cereal in  my life, so I'll say that I'll eat it dry. Which is better, leech s or chess dot com? Since none  of them gave me money to say good things about them, I'll say they both suck. What is your  favorite flavor of ice cream? Peanuts. What settings do you use to hide account names in videos?  It's called editing. Do you feel bad for the 100 rated players? Of course not.  [Music]  [Music] 