 I'm better than my viewers, you play white. That looks very interesting. I mean my opponent has 14  queens, but he can only use 6 of them. The challenger this time is a guy called Aiden3435,  and by the way, that is not his chess ratings. E6, in case you don't know, I'm actually not  very high rated, so playing against a 1300 opponent having 6 queens on the board,  is definitely not the situation I want to be in. D takes E6, D takes will open up my queen for him  to trade, and as you can see, I'm down more than a hundred points of materials, so I don't really  want to trade my queen. Therefore, F takes E6. Oh no, he is so going to sacrifice his bishop just  to trade queens with me, which is absolutely unfair, which means I will very likely lose this  game. Bishop E5. I cannot trade queens no matter what. F6. G takes F6. E takes F6. Alright. Here we  go. Bishop takes F6. Maybe that was a bad move, but to be honest, there is no real good move when  you're fighting against a lot of women. Queen takes F6. Ah ha. So this is how you want to do it.  Knight takes F6. It's fine, trading is not good for me because I'm down in materials,  but still, a piece for a queen is as far as I can go. G5. All per sun. Queen takes. D takes E6.  As you can see, the Eval bar is still in my favor, which is to say, everything is still under  control. Queen takes E6. This poor horsey is being attacked 3 times by the women. But anyway.  Bishop takes E6. Eval bar is going crazy. Queen takes F6. Rook F4. Queen takes F4. Ah ha,  checkmate in 7. Queen takes H8 check. There is no way this is the wrong move, king D7 is forced,  and even though I knew for sure that knight D5 king E6 knight F4 check is the correct continuation,  for some unknown reasons, I decided to go for, queen takes H7. And as you can see,  stockfish did not like that at all, backseat me all you want, but I'm being absolutely honest here,  that I have absolutely no idea why I went for queen H7, it's like my hand did not do what my  brain wanted to do. But anyway, king takes E6. At this point, I'm pretty sure there is nothing  more I can do, so I went for my last little trick. Knight C6. The point is if he takes my rook,  there is a checkmate in 3 of queen G6 check king D7 queen F7 check king C8 is forced queen E8  checkmate, or if he takes my knight, I think there is rook E4 check, queen takes queen takes and then  I can try to go for a repetitive check draw. And he did not fall for any of those stuff.  That was my last ditch effort, he then sacrificed his queen for my rook,  which is definitely not fair, and then forced a queen trade, and then I resigned.  The series was called, I'm better than my viewers. And after this game, let's just say,  I'm still better than my viewers. But this guy, and only this guy, is equal to me.  [Music] 