 I'm better than my viewers, the Ottomans capturing your city, Constantinople.  This is an image of Constantinople, aka Istanbul, a major city of Turkey, and I guess this guy  thinks these Poles are rooks.  But anyway, gentlemen and ladies, welcome to another I'm better than my viewers video,  the series that I made so that I can destroy my viewers that are literally making money  for me by watching my videos, and the viewer this time is a guy called Zed.  I'll take this rook.  Making room for this passive knight to be developed to a more active square.  Rook takes.  Knight g4.  Queen e7.  He has like 300 rooks and still decided to move his queen, which is to say, very aggressive.  I'll take this rook.  Rook takes knight b4.  Rook cd5.  Ah ha, so instead of keeping the queen on the d-file and moving the rook to the e-file,  he decided to move his queen to the e-file, and then move another rook to the d-file.  c4.  Ha, he even replaced his queen's position with that rook.  Knight fe3.  Rook takes g4.  That sacrifices a rook.  And I mean if he can also sacrifice the rook on the other side, that will be very convenient.  Well, I mean convenient things sometimes do happen in our lives.  I'll take it.  Rook a b8.  Bishop takes f5.  Rook sacrifice again.  I'll take with pawn.  Rook takes b4.  Knight c3.  Rook hd6.  Knight e4.  Attacking the rook and defending the d-pawn at the same time.  Rook a d7.  Too many attackers, so even though I really don't want to do this, d3.  I mean this move really locks down my knight's activity, but it's still better than bishop  c3 allowing rook a4 b8 or rook b1 infiltrating my territory.  Rook a b6.  No more threat on the a-file, bishop takes rook takes bishop c3.  This rook.  Is trapped.  A desperado.  Knight takes, rook revenges queen takes.  Rook b8.  Queen retreats.  Rook b7.  d5.  He seems eager to attack my king, so as long as I can keep this knight here to go back  and defend my king, I will definitely be fine.  Rook check knight blocks rook d5 f4 queen d7 a lot of batteries aiming at a protected  pawn knight d2 rook back bishop takes queen takes very convenient bishop takes rook takes.  And I guess we all know that I can easily win the game from this position even against  magnum carlos.  So fast forward a little bit.  Queen takes a8.  Checkmate.  I'm better than my viewers.  [Music] 