 I'm better than my viewers, except this time the guy who suggests the position didn't say anything,  he just leaves a picture, and then silently walks away. Very cool. Welcome to episode 20 of I'm  better than my viewers, and the challenger this time is a guy called ink on toast. I'll check  first. You know what they say, a check can never be a bad move, unless when a check can be a bad  move. Knight d takes c6. d6, a double attack also cannot be a bad move. Rook d d5. I'll take it.  Rook takes. I'll take this woman, it's pretty annoying that he still has a big harem after I've  taken away one member but I don't even have a wife, but you know, at least I have some guys  waiting to change their gender for me. Queen takes c7. Bishop f4. Queen e7. Bishop g5, alright I can  see that there will be some chess elites jump in and say "why did you move your bishop back and  forth like an absolute 100 rated disliked unsubbed you trash youtuber". I mean you are right that I  shouldn't have done that, but I realized my mistake after bishop f4, so I decided to fix  my mistake by undoing the bad move, because you know what they say, human beings make mistakes  all the time, so when you do make a mistake, just press ctrl z. Queen back to c7. Ha, you see,  my opponent also agrees to help me fix my mistake. King f2, making room for a bishop to come to f3.  Knight takes d4. In case you don't know, we both can actually see the stockfish evaluation bar on  the left of the board, and when he saw that stockfish didn't like that move, he said "whoops".  And then I felt bad for him, so I replied, can't help you about that man, but in fact,  I actually can help him because classroom allows me to just go back one move and continue playing  from there and no viewer is gonna know anything about it. But of course, there is no reason to  let him know about that. Bishop gf3, I mean if he can just take this bishop now and blunder his  queen instead of his rook, that will be very convenient. Well, I think we can all agree that  sometimes things can still be convenient without a paid actor. Bishop takes king c8 bishop d5 queen  d3 bishop e6 queen b6 bishop e3 queen e3 that blunders a woman another wants queen d5 e7 queen  f5 king g1 queen h5 bishop h5 knight c4 rook g7. I'm sacrificing my bishop here, and even though  it should have been oh no my bishop, we can see that he really likes to say whoops, so of course  I changed it to whoops my bishop. Knight takes bishop. e8 promotes to a rook. Checkmate. I'm  better than my viewers.  [MUSIC PLAYING] 