 I'm better than my viewers, but I had to censor the name that this guy gave to his position because it sounds pretty racist in my opinion.  Let's go.  Good morning everyone, welcome to another episode of I'm better than my viewers,  the series that was made to prove that I'm better than my viewers, obviously because I'm better than my viewers,  and today's challenger is a guy called Noobie.  This woman is about to die and also helps the opposing pawn promote.  Therefore, queen takes d1.  Rook takes.  One of the e-pawns changes gender.  Ha! Who's maidenless now?  Bishop takes e2.  Man. This move actually says a lot of things about women these days,  that this guy literally chose to be maidenless instead of getting a free queen.  One of the b-pawns changes gender.  Well I mean it doesn't matter how hard life has been for him,  at the end of the day, he still needs a woman by his side if he wants to win this game.  I'm sorry dude, but you really need to move on.  D takes e5.  Since I'm having more queens, it's definitely good to open up the position.  F takes e5.  I'll take this way instead.  I have a reason for that.  H takes g5.  Knight takes f7.  Ha! Now I'm targeting two weak pawns at the same time,  and there is nothing he can do to defend them.  G-pawn changes gender.  D-pawn changes gender.  Somehow I have a feeling that he's gonna blunder one of these women right now  and make the game a bit more convenient for me.  F takes g3.  H takes g3.  Let's try to break through.  Queen g7 gf3 queen g5 f2 queen g3 f-pawn changes gender queen e5.  And then we shuffle our pieces for a few moves more.  In this very position, he went for  king d3.  While king d2 also does the trick of opening up the c-file,  he decided to be a giga-chad and advance his king straight into the face of my women.  Queen takes e6.  It's not too late to go back.  Nevermind.  Queen checks queen blocks queen takes queen queen takes queen queen takes queen.  Checkmate.  I'm better than my viewers.  [outro music] 