 100 rated chess, but you must commit to a file for 2 turns, only pieces and pawns that are  currently inside that file can be moved. That sounds very challenging, but you know, I'm not  a coward. We get a 140 from chili. E4, E5 is dumb, because since I'm stuck with 1 file for 2 turns,  king E7 is actually forced next move. Therefore, E6, I mean since everyone knows E5 is bad in the  French defense, he's not gonna play that move to force king E7. Right? Definitely. E5, knight F3,  I want to take this pawn, but sadly, that will leave only my king on the E file, so king E7  will be forced, which is obviously not good for the video. Therefore, G6, I'm sorry Edward,  but you need to die. Edward is dead. Knight F6, knight C3, I really want to pianchetto my bishop  right now, but if I do that, I will have to stick with the F file for 1 more turn, and I can't really  find a good move on the F file. So I guess, D6. I would rather move my queen then. Knight C4,  queen E7. D5. That blunders a pawn, but after knight takes, I cannot take back because I have  to stick to the F file, and even though there is F5, I don't think I want to fight against queen  E2 with such difficult challenge on my shoulder. So I guess, bishop G7. E5, knight F D7. Everything  is good. Bishop D3, aha, I want to take with my horsey, but then I will have nothing on my D file  to move, which means I'll have to end the video. So I guess, I'll take with pawn, now let's just  hope that he won't play D6 and win my queen. Thank you. Knight B6. Rook B1. Oh no, I think  there is a decent chance that he may blunder rook takes E5 next thinking that he is skewering my  queen and king. Therefore, let's be safe, and take this knight. I mean rook E5 is still winning my  queen because I'm being stuck with the B file for 1 more move. But who plays like that anyway?  Right? Of course. B6. Man somehow I feel like this move was really bad. Knight E4. Aha, he's  obviously aiming for bishop G5 attacking my queen or D6 also attacking my queen. Therefore, castle.  My king was on the E file, so no matter what he is playing now, I will get to move my queen after  that. Exactly as planned. Queen to B4. Okay I know that move was really risky, but to be honest,  this game is not going anywhere if I don't start attacking him. C3. That blunders a bishop. Oh,  wait. Since my queen was on the B file, now I have to stay with the B file for 1 more move,  so if he plays B3 right now, my king will be maidenless. Thank god. That blunders a woman,  but I obviously cannot eat her due to the rules, and it is very obvious that he wants to go knight  F6 check with a discovered attack on my queen. Therefore, knight C6. You may say that B5 is a  safer move, but if you really think about it, B5 still allows knight F6 check, and after bishop  takes, I will be stuck with the G file, which means I won't be able to recapture my opponent's  queen. D takes C6. Ha! Noob. Bishop takes the woman. And even better, I will get to move my  queen on my next move, so unless he goes crazy and gives a check that also ends the video,  nothing can go wrong right now. Resignation. Well I guess that is also a way to end the video,  but the difference is, mission accomplished.  [Music] 