 100 rated chess, but you're playing Pokemon, you can only use pieces after capturing them with your  pawns. Considering the fact that I only have 2 Pokeballs on me right now, this is going to be  hard. E3. The very famous Vant Krooge's opening. Since I haven't caught any Pokemons yet, I can  only move my pawns. Bishop D3. Ah ha. D5. The plan is very simple. Knight F3, E4, and a piece.  Exactly as planned. E4. Bishop E5. A desperate attempt to save the bishop. C6. We changed from  a fork to a double attack. And who knows, maybe he'll decide to play Queen E2 which lets me take  his knight and once again create a new double attack at his queen and his bishop.  I solemnly swear, that this guy is not a paid actor. I'll catch this horsey. That was his G file  knight, therefore, now my G file knight is activated, and there is no better G file name,  than jail. Not jail, it's jail. Totally different. Queen takes F3. I'll use my second ball.  That was his F file bishop, and I think we already agreed that this bishop is Frank.  G4. Frank, I choose you. Frank to C5. I mean it will be very problematic if he takes my F pawn  because I haven't captured his king yet. But who plays like that anyway? Right?  I'm worrying too much. Jail to F6. D4. Frank back. I mean the most realistic plan is to use  these pieces to trade with the other equivalent pieces so that I can continue to activate new  pieces into the game, but I guess it'll be a little bit problematic if he keeps playing like  a coward like this. G5. Very aggressive. Jail E4. Rook H3. I cannot take that rook because this  bishop cannot move yet. But still, I have another plan. H6. G takes H6. G5. H takes G5. Ha! Jail  takes G5, forking a queen and a rook. Queen H5. H file rook, and the name will be, Thomas.  Queen H4. Ah ha! That blunders a queen, but I cannot take her due to the rules, so he is  actually threatening to take my queen with a check which forces my king to move which ends this  video. So I guess. Jail to G5. I'm threatening jail F3 royal fork which activates my woman,  so the best thing he can do right now is to retreat his queen all the way into the very  corner of the board, which is pretty satisfying when you think about it. F4. That blunders a  royal fork, jail to F3 but mouse slipped. But anyway, I mean he should be able to see that he  is now being down a lot of materials, so trading queens is obviously not a very good idea.  And since I saw that was coming, there is no what the f*** today.  (outro music) 