 100 rated chess, but you're nothing like your opponent, you have to move a different type of  piece than they did, from a different color square, and also to a different color square.  Okay this sounds absolutely impossible, so let's just delete this part away.  And to be honest, this still sounds very impossible. We get a 188 from Italy.  H3. Ah ha, that pawn moved from a dark square to a light square, so I need to make a move from a  light square to a dark square. B6. Fianchetto. Being a bishop doesn't sound so bad. Knight C3.  Light to dark, so I need to go. Dark to light. Man, I guess it'll take a while until he makes  a dark to dark move so that I can move my bishop. Nevermind. Bishop B7. A3. Light to dark,  dark to light, this guy has to be the most not very aggressive opponent I have ever met.  G4. Very aggressive. That blunders a rook, but since he made a light to light move, I cannot  move my light square bishop due to the rules, and since I obviously want him to make a dark to dark  move, let's go for. Bishop takes A3. This will guarantee that he'll make a dark to dark move,  which allows me to take his rook. Well, I mean that isn't the move in the plan,  but since it's still a dark to dark move, I can take his rook. I mean now if he can make a light  to light move to let me retreat my bishop, that will be very convenient. Of course it doesn't  happen. F5. I want to go queen H4, so F5 is to provoke G takes, and there is no way that is not  happening. Ha! Again, that is also a light to light move, which is totally acceptable. King D1.  That was a dark to light move, so even though I think that horses are absolutely useless in this  game, I don't really have many choices. Now just take this pawn and we'll both be happy. Or I mean  at least I'll be happy. Queen F3. Dude! That blunders a queen, but I cannot take it because  I have to make a dark to dark move, and there is absolutely no dark to dark move that can defend  my rook and my bishop. C5. Alright, let's just hope that he'll take this pawn. It's a dark to  dark move again, and still there is no way I can defend my rook, and then he'll clean my entire  back rank. Queen F2. Ha! You better get scared of this move. This guy is totally destroying me.  And I can't even take his bishop for a check, because I have to make a dark to dark move,  then he can take my knight for a check, and since that'll be a light to dark move,  I won't be able to move my king because the king is on a light square, which means I'll have to  end the video. Please move your queen back to defend your bishop.  Yeah there's no way this is possible.  (dramatic music) 