 100 rated chess, but you are loyal, your king and the enemy queen must not see each other.  Red heart red heart. I mean this obviously sounds way too easy, so let's just say,  that they can see through the other pieces, and I cannot take his queen. Let's go,  we get a 2 1 4 from the US. With premiumed membership. E3. Ah ha, now there is a very  dangerous threat of queen H5 ending my video, therefore, H5. I mean there is also queen E2  ending the video, but who plays like that anyway. Right? Of course. D5. Bishop B5 check. C6. I mean  if he can play bishop E2 to block the square away from the queen, that will be very convenient.  Man, that was almost very convenient. E5. Well, at least now he should be able to see,  that queen E2 is trapping his own bishop. Right? Knight F3. That blunders a fork. In a perfect  world when I can talk to him, I'll just tell him to go bishop E2 and promise that I wouldn't take  his knight, but sadly life can never be so convenient. Knight E5. Ah ha, this is a very  famous situation where Stockfish probably wants me to go queen G5 knight F7 queen G2 knight H8  queen H1 and we just trade rooks but I have a better position, but I absolutely don't like  that position because my rook was supposed to defend my H pawn from the queen, so after my rook  dies, there will be a constant threat of queen H5 ending the video, which is not very attractive.  So I guess, queen F6. I mean I will still win a piece after this, and I'm also giving him  a chance to go bishop E2. Knight takes E4. That blunders a horsey. Well it's actually pretty bad  because bishop E2 cannot happen anymore, but at least he won't play queen E2 now. Bishop takes E4,  queen takes E5. D3. Very aggressive. F5. Of course I'll respond to an aggressive move with an  aggressive move. And he respond to my aggressive move with another aggressive move. And of course  I'm not a coward, so it is definitely another aggressive move. Ha, not very aggressive. That  blunders a bishop. Well I mean now there are 2 moves to end the video, but there's no reason to  play any of them now. Right? Of course, E2 is already controlled by my queen, therefore, only  E1 let. Bishop B4. This move temporarily controls the E1 square, and the idea is bishop D2, bishop  takes D2, queen takes D2 and since his queen is developed above the ground, there is no reason  to bring her back down again. Of course that is also a move. Bishop E7. Doesn't matter, I'll try  with the other side, and even though G3 can happen, I'll take my chance that he may not decide to play  it. A4. Queen C4, need to keep an eye on E2. E5. Very aggressive. Bishop H4. Queen F3. That blunders  a rook. Bishop G5, he should be able to see that even though his queen is trapped, there is actually  B3 counterattack queen D3 rook D1 queen C2 queen F1 and he'll only lose a rook. Right? Or he can  just make a desperado and makes me look like a fool for trapping his queen when I actually cannot  take her due to the rules. Ha. Nevermind. Mission accomplished.  [Music] 