 100 rated chess, but your king is a giga chad. Your king must reach the other side of the board  to flex on your opponent, and this part doesn't sound very giga chad, so let's change it to.  I cannot make any cowardly moves. Let's go. D4. Since I cannot make any cowardly move,  the first move obviously has to be. E5. I'm sorry Edward, your sacrifice will be the biggest proof  of our bravery. Wow. I can't believe Edward actually survived that. But anyway. Here we go.  King E7. F***ing giga chad. E4. Okay so I probably shouldn't go further, and that is definitely not  because I'm a coward. F6, solidifying my center. F4. Very aggressive. Not taking that pawn is  obviously a cowardly act, therefore, E takes F4 is kinda forced. Knight F3. D6. Okay I mean these  one square pawn moves look pretty pathetic and not very giga chad, but I actually think that  they are very aggressive because of some unknown reasons. Trust. Bishop takes F4. Bishop G4. H3.  Ah ha. Pulling the bishop back is obviously a coward move, therefore, I have to take this.  Queen takes, knight A6. E5. That blunders a pawn, I mean if he can also blunder his bishop next,  that will be very convenient. Oh wow. This has to be one of the very few times I see a 100-rated  player makes a pin to save his piece instead of moving it. Knight C5. Queen B4. Ah ha, now if I  move my king out of the pin, both his bishop and his queen will be under threat and there is no way  he can save both of them. But of course, moving the king out of the pin doesn't sound very giga  chad. So I guess, king testosterone D6, man that looks like a gigantic blunder. Bishop takes E5.  Ah ha, F takes looks like a coward move, so of course, king takes is f***ing forced. And for the  first time ever, Stockfish actually agreed with me, king takes E5, is best. Giga chad Stockfish  today. Bishop C4. That blunders a woman. Knight D3 brilliant move C takes D3 bishop takes B4.  Okay now do not resign please, my king is in the middle of the board, you still have a lot of  chances, and I haven't even used my queen yet, so there's no need to quit the game just because of  a woman. Thank you. Here. King D4. Okay now my king is literally next to all of your pieces,  just march everything at him. Why didn't he resign right after he lost his queen then?  What the f-  What the f-  [Music] 