 100 rated chess, but if a piece, not pawn, dies, the king must go to the square that it died to pay  respect. If the king gets checked 3 times, the video ends. This challenge was worded incredibly  badly, we obviously need to add something like "before another piece dies on another square",  or else the game would be a normal game with my king lands on every single square at the end to  pay respect to everyone at the same time. Let's go. E4. Since the pawns are not affected by the  rules, I'll let them all die to open up the board so that my king has more space to move. D5. I mean  I'm also sacrificing a check here, but I think it's absolutely worthy. F3. Not very aggressive.  E5. Knight C3. I'll take this pawn. Again, pawns are not included in the mission,  so my king doesn't have to go to this square. Bishop C4. Aha, now we can be sure that he won't  go bishop E5 just for an empty check. I'll take this pawn as well, in no world do you take this  pawn just to take away one of my 3 checks. Of course. Knight C6. Castle. Okay now this is  actually pretty dangerous. Knight F6. Knight G5. That blunders a bishop. Queen D4 check. King H1.  But now comes the question. Do I take his bishop? If I take his bishop now, my king will have to  go all the way to C4 to pay respect, and I have absolutely no doubt that the video will be ended  before he can reach the place. Yeah I'm pretty sure I'm not gonna do it. Knight G4. Call me  coward all you want to, but you know what people say, if you want to be brave, you need to be  cowardly. Knight takes F7. Aha, exactly as planned. Knight F2 check. My plan is king G1 knight H3  double check king H1 is forced queen G8 check rook takes G8 knight F2 smothered mate. And I mean even  though he has rook takes F2 now to absolutely ruin my plan, he's not gonna see a smothered  checkmate in 4 moves. Right? Wow. Now I have to move my king all the way over there, without being  checked 3 times, and no piece is allowed to die on a different square before my king reaches the place.  How the f*** is that even possible?  Well I guess we all know that this mission is a failure. I'll just let him take my rook and end  my video. Yeah there's no way this is doable.  [Music] 