 100 rated chess, but your own pieces can attack your king. If you're checked, the video's wrecked.  I mean I normally don't take on easy challenges, but since this guy got 9 reactions,  maybe there's something I'm missing. E4. Well even though my king is being checked by my queen  right now, I think we can all agree that there was nothing I can do about this, therefore, E5.  Let's just say, that the challenge starts from move 3. Knight F3. Ok. Here we go. Queen F6.  Alright, now the challenge truly begins. D3. Bishop C5. Alright, how about knight D2?  Of course not. Queen B6. Man I feel like an absolute 100 rated player right now for aiming  for his F pawn. Bishop back to E3. Of course I'll take it. F takes. I'll take this pawn.  I think taking the other pawn could have been a little bit better because my queen can prevent  castling for a while, but taking this way opens up the possibility of winning his rook as well.  I solemnly swear, that he's not a paid actor or unpaid actor, well I mean he could be an actor  in real life, but the point is that he's not my actor, and I think you get the idea. Queen takes  A1. Man maybe this challenge is actually even easier than what I expected. Knight D2. I cannot  move this knight because that will make my rook check my king, therefore, I'll use the other  knight. Same thing like the other side, now I also cannot move this bishop because of the other rook.  G3. Not very aggressive. I mean playing chess with only a queen and a horsey is not really a good  idea, so I guess, A5. I'll develop my rook this way, and then develop the light bishop. Bishop G2.  Rook K6. Man Stockfish must be so mad at me for keeping ignoring this pawn for like a hundred  moves. Castle. Alright, I'll take that pawn. Knight C3. That blunders another pawn, well at least  both edwards are still alive. Knight B5. Aha, he's obviously going for knight takes C7 check,  which forks my rook and ends my video at the same time. Therefore, knight B4. Well I mean it's pretty  hard to see, but he does see that my queen is now controlling the C7 square. Right? Thank god,  that threatened queen takes F7 king D8 is forced. Queen F8 checkmate in 2 and also ends my video,  and since knight F6 makes me a fool for ending my own video. Rook F6. This move not only defends  the checkmate, counter-attack on the queen, but also removes the rook from being forked,  which even further gives him absolutely no reason to go knight takes C7.  I'm not gonna lie, some parts of me actually saw that was coming.  (Outro) 