 100 rated chess, but your pieces regret killing. After making a capture, they have to sit down  and think about what they've done for 3 turns before they can move again. Man, just like what  I do after climax, we get an exact 100 rated American. Knight c3. e5. The plan is very simple.  Checkmate him, without having to capture too many things. Knight f3. Knight c6. So far so good.  Nevermind. That blunders a horsey, but if I take it, my queen won't be able to move for 3 turns,  so a continuation like d4 bishop takes is very likely to happen. So I guess, bishop e7. To be  clear, I'm not a coward, I just don't want to lose my queen in a challenge that my plan is to quickly  checkmate my opponent's king. Knight takes f7. Ah ha. Now I can take it. Alright, now my king won't  be able to move for the next 3 turns, but to be honest, I don't think he can do anything to me  during that time. h4. Very aggressive. I want to take that pawn, but then they'll be g3 g takes h4  because I cannot move my bishop due to the rules, so I guess, d5. h5. Again, very aggressive.  Knight f6. Knight takes d5. That blunders a horsey. I mean technically if he plays e4 right now,  he can easily take my knight because I cannot move it due to the rules, and he did. You know what?  I have an idea. Bishop h4. Oh no my horsey. That horsey is dead. Queen f6. Oh no another horsey.  Ah ha. That blunders a king. Queen takes f2. Checkmate. And as usual when the video is so short,  I'll answer some of your comments. Hold up, are you a cc++ c# programmer? Well since no one uses  exclamation mark equals instead of less than greater than unless dot dot dot. Sir? I'm a  youtuber. Jokes on you sim, I slowed the fast forward to 25% speed and watched the moves happen.  Jokes on you indelicato, I actually wanted you people to do that. That fast forward was all we  have ever asked, thank you sim. Okay I actually have nothing to say about this comment, except  the fact that at the moment I took this image, this comment got two f***ing thousand thumbs up,  while my video only gets over three thousand. How the f***  [MUSIC] 