 If your opponent sacrifices a knight or a bishop, the video ends.  Well, I think this mission is actually pretty easy, so let's just say that I won't move my  queen out before move 10. You know, because if I can just sacrifice my queen for 2 pieces,  the mission will become impossible to lose. Let's go. We get a 2 77 from the US.  E4. E5. Still theory. Knight F3. Queen F6. Very aggressive. And by the way, even though most  people think developing a queen first is bad, chess.com actually says, book move. I'm very  curious to see the guy who wrote that book. But anyway. Knight C3. Bishop C5. Knight D5. Bishop  back to D6. Not very aggressive. That blunders a queen. G takes F6. Ha, I was thinking knight takes,  but pawn takes is actually even better for me, because if he doesn't develop his pieces,  the less chance that he's gonna blunder them. D4. C5. Aha, taking this pawn should be the best move,  but that will make my pawn attack his bishop, which may lead to him blundering his bishop,  which ends the video. So I guess, bishop C4, I mean if I don't attack him, he doesn't blunder.  Right? Knight C6. Aha, he's obviously provoking D5 attacking his knight, but after D5,  he may be going to blunder his knight, which ends the video. Therefore, D takes E5, since he has  3 pieces. Well I mean 2 pieces and 1 pawn, attacking E5, there is no way he's blundering his bishop  now. Right? Of course. Well, technically that still blunders his bishop this way, but since  I said that I won't move my queen out before move 10, it's actually not a blunder. Knight G5,  let's try to do something fun. Bishop E7. That blunders a rook. B5. Very aggressive. Bishop D5.  Knight F6. I'll take his rook. This mission is going very smoothly. Knight takes D5. Aha,  trading is good, because the fewer minor pieces he has, the less chance he's gonna blunder them.  But anyway, taking with the pawn should be the best move, but that will make my pawn attack his  knight, which may cause him to blunder his knight on the next move. Therefore, queen takes D5.  Now since my queen can come out, I'm confident to say that there's no way I'm gonna lose this  mission, after I can sacrifice my queen for 2, or actually, just 1 minor piece. Or even better,  there's a chance that he's just gonna resign the game. Right. Now.  What the f-  [Music] 