 *claps*  Men and women, my name is Detective Simp, and welcome to episode 2 of Fake the Elo.  The rules are simple. I play against a Discord member. He'll try his best to hide his elo. And I'll take a guess for his elo.  So far, none of you guys have been able to hide your elo from me. And on the other hand, Detective Simp has been dominating the game until now.  There were not even a draw. But anyway, enough talking. Let's go.  This time, we get a guy from Malaysia. With a very long name.  Man, I doubt that I can make the text-to-speech engine able to read that name out.  But anyway. E4. E5. Still theory. D4.  Taking my pawn should be his best move, but a lot of beginners just listen to the Grandmaster's advice, of "Be careful when you take pawns in the opening."  And he listens to the Master's. With that move alone, I'm pretty sure that he's 800 rated or below, unless he wants to play badly to trick me.  I'll take this pawn, knight takes and F4 then my position is great.  Or not. I'll take that too. You know what they say, if black gambits a pawn, you should always take it.  Knight F6. Bishop G5. H6. Very aggressive. I'll go back.  Bishop E7. Ah ha, I didn't take the knight because I don't like queen F6, but with the queen blocked out right now, I'll take it.  Bishop takes. Queen H5 check. You see, if this place was his queen instead of his bishop, he would've had G6 to kick my queen back, instead of having to move his king now.  There we go. But still, I think that was some pretty advanced stuff, so even though those tactics were cool, no info was gathered there.  Bishop C4. Let's see if he blunders checkmate.  Of course not. And wait, I think I have a really cool idea.  C3. That move blunders 2 pawns, is he gonna see queen take C4 forking my king and bishop, which forces queen back to E2 and then takes my G2 pawn,  or is he gonna think that his queen is defending checkmate so it cannot move?  He missed it. That should tell me something about his ratings.  Knight D2. Fun fact, I blundered a piece here, feel free to pause the video right now to find the best move for black, while I don't give you any seconds to do so,  and the move was D5, and I'll have to sacrifice my bishop, unless I want my queen trapped by bishop G4.  But anyway, he didn't see it either.  Knight takes C4. Queen F7 queen takes F7 check king takes his forced long castle rook E8 F3 B5 very aggressive knight E3 C6 knight E2 bishop G5.  Phew! Now rook D3 looks okay, or even king D2 looks really fun.  But you know, why not blunder a pawn, is he gonna see rook takes E4 counterattacking my knight and win a pawn?  No he didn't. Knight G3. Alright, I think that's enough for today, let's try to end this game.  Rook D8 weird move rook HF1 G5 very aggressive F takes G5 discovered check king G7 knight EF5 check king G6 knight takes E7 check king G7 knight GF5 check king H7.  And even though there's rook D6 rook H6 checkmate. As a grandmaster once said. If you find a checkmate, look for a better one.  Therefore, G6 check king H8 is forced G7 check king H7 is forced rook D6 the king can't move rook H6 checkmate.  Alright, now comes the hard part. To be honest, he actually missed out on every single tactics in the game, except the checkmate in one threat, so I suspect he's 700 maxed.  And as you saw in the thumbnail, he's just another guy being too honest. I'm guessing 667.  Ha! The score is now 2... nil.  [Outro] 