 100 rated chess, but your pieces are soulmates, at some point of the game, your rooks must kiss  each other, your bishops must kiss each other, and your knights must kiss each other. If any of your  pieces get taken before they kiss, the video ends. My deepest apologies towards the maidenless viewers  out there. We get a 215 from Denmark, with a very cute chihuahua profile picture. E4. E6. So in order  to let the pieces kiss each other, I obviously need to open up the lines, therefore, D4. Knight H6.  I really want to take that knight, but since my bishops haven't kissed each other yet. Bishop E3.  The plan is very simple. Bishop E3, bishop D3, knight D2, knight E2, and we are done with the  minor pieces. A5. Very aggressive. Bishop D3. Alright, 1 down, 2 more to go. A4. Again, very aggressive.  Knight D2. A3. Too aggressive. I'll take that pawn first. I mean knight E2 would have let the knights  kiss, but delaying it for 1 move can not bring any harm to the video. Right? Rook takes A3. Knight E2.  And just like that, we're done with the minor pieces, so if he can take my bishop right now  with his rook and give me 2 points of material advantage, that will be very convenient.  I solemnly swear, that this guy is not a paid actor. I'll take that rook. Knight G4. I've just  realized that if he does the same thing with my other bishop, there will be 4 pawns in the  middle of the board preventing me from moving my rooks toward each other. H4. The plan is very  obvious. Knight takes E3. F takes E3. Man, now how am I supposed to move my rook to the other side?  Queen H4 check. Ah ha, that blunders a queen, but if I take it, big chance he will immediately  resign, and since my rooks haven't kissed each other, the mission is failed. So I guess, knight  G3. Queen takes rook is ending the video, but he should be able to see, that my knight on G3 is  obviously defending the rook. Right? Right? No doubt. King F1. Queen takes E3. That is actually  really good, because I obviously need a path to transfer my rook over. Rook B1. Queen takes D3  check. Blocking with the queen is best, but somehow I feel that he won't be able to see that my knight  is defending my rook. Therefore, king E1. Queen takes D4. Rook lift. Queen takes E4 check. That  blunders the queen again, but since my rooks still haven't kissed yet. King F1. B6. Rook HB3.  One more move, and this guy is so dead. Queen A4. Rook 3 B2. And in this position, I've finally  broken all the magical, I mean I've finally accomplished all of the challenge's goals,  and if I continue playing this game, it will just be a guy smurfing in the 180 D low,  which may result in an account banned. So I guess, let's just end the video right here.  [outro] 