 100 rated chess, but you are very aggressive, you must attack your opponent at all cost,  and you cannot make passive or defensive moves. Yeah. Very aggressive. Well I mean there is  absolutely no way I can make a move that attacks anything in this position, so let's just say,  that the first move, doesn't count. E4. E5. Alright, now the challenge officially begins.  D4. My David is attacking his E pawn, which is very aggressive. D5. Ah ha, now I really want to  take his E pawn, but that move doesn't make my D pawn attack anything, which is against the rules,  so I guess. F4. Surprisingly enough, this is actually still a book move, and this is a very  famous opening called the King's Gambit declined, Fault be a Henriksen Gambit. Yeah, I definitely  know everything about this opening. Knight F6, F takes E5, attacking his knight is definitely a  good choice. Knight takes E4. Ah ha, now there is a very dangerous threat of queen H4 G3 knight G3  H G3 queen H1, and even though normally I would have played knight F3 here, that move actually  doesn't attack anything, therefore, queen F3 is kinda forced. At least this move attacks his  horsey and his F pawn, and even if queen H4 happens right now, G3 will also be attacking his queen.  Knight G5. I'll take it. Queen takes, queen C1 is very dangerous, therefore, knight C3.  Queen takes E5. Wow. I didn't even see that. That blunders a woman, but if I take it,  that move actually doesn't attack anything, which is against the rules. I also cannot move my king  or block with another piece because those moves also don't attack anything. Therefore, I have to  block with queen. And the worst thing is, now since his queen is pinned to his king, he'll most likely  just gonna take my queen, and then I'll have to end my own video. This game sucks.  I solemnly swear, that this guy is not a paid actor. D takes E5. I mean not only he didn't end  my video, but he also gave me the right to take his queen with my pawn, but please trust me,  this guy is 100% not a paid actor. Trust. Bishop takes E5, queen takes E5 check. A check always  follows the rules, because it obviously attacks the king. King F8. Knight takes D5, I'm threatening  queen E7 king G8 queen E A checkmate in 2, so if he can blunder it right now, that will be very  convenient. Ha! You see, this move definitely proves that he's not a paid actor. Queen takes C7.  And then for some reason he moved his knight away. Queen E7 check, and I can pre-move. Queen E8  checkmate. Mission accomplished, and once again, he's not a paid actor.  [Music] 