 100 rated chess, but you're a beginner's chess engine, if you can take a piece, not pawn, you must take a piece, not pawn, and you never learned how to checkmate, so you can only win that way by doing what you already know how to do.  Taking a piece.  Not pawn.  Such a complicated way to explain a simple challenge.  But anyway, we get an exact 100 rated guy from the United Kingdom.  With premium membership.  E4.  E5.  To be fair, this challenge is actually one of the easier ones, so I guess we're gonna have a good time here.  Knight f3.  Knight f6.  Knight takes e5.  Ah ha. Now I can take this pawn, but since the challenge said not pawn, knight c6 instead.  Knight back.  Coward. I still don't want to take this pawn because of queen e2 queen e7 and I'll probably have to trade my queen, so I guess, d6.  In case you're wondering why I'm so against trading queens, it's because I'm playing against a 100 rated player, and in this rating area, you just let them blunder their own queen.  c3.  Bishop g4.  Probably I'll have to trade my bishop off next move, but who knows, maybe he'll move his knight to give me his queen instead.  Of course that doesn't happen.  Taking a piece, is forced.  Letting his queen goes here is pretty dangerous, but the riskier he plays, the more chance he'll blunder his queen.  Yeah. Like that.  King takes f7 is forced.  I solemnly swear, that this guy is not a paid actor.  Bishop check. I'll go back.  d3.  I'll take this pawn.  Okay so here's the problem. Even though I'm leaving a gigantic amount of material, the challenge also forbids me from checkmating his king, so if he never resigns, maybe I'll be losing on time.  e5.  I want to take that pawn, but sadly, taking a piece is forced.  d4.  d takes d takes knight takes, I mean opening up the queen is very dangerous, but even if he plays something like knight d2 forcing my queen to take, I still can just use my knight and take this bishop instead.  Bishop f4.  That blunders a bishop. Now he should be able to see, that since I'm obviously attacking this pawn, a move like knight d2 forcing knight takes bishop takes queen takes king takes and I'm losing a queen is just blundering this pawn.  Right?  It's fine. Knight takes is kinda forced, I mean who knows, maybe he won't recapture.  And he did.  Again, not a paid actor.  Knight e4 bishop takes knight takes rook takes queen takes king takes, and he still hasn't resigned.  Okay fine I'll take all the pawns. Fast forward. And in this very position, he still doesn't resign.  But he abandoned the game.  Mission, accomplished.  [outro music] 