 100 rated chess, but your king is gay and he is attracted to the opponent's king.  Approach him.  Sounds absolutely impossible.  We get a 158 from Australia.  Okay so keeping these pieces and pawns at their own position so that I'll never have to move my  king should be the best plan for this video.  But of course, I'm not a coward.  I'll beat this challenge with my king being a giga chad in the very middle of the board.  E5.  Here we go.  King e2.  All right, as long as there is a square closer to my opponent's king,  I'll have to move my king to that square.  Queen g5.  Very aggressive.  e2 to e8 distance is 6 squares, but d3 to e8 is equal to square root 1 squared plus 5 squared,  which is smaller than 6.  Therefore, king d3.  I mean king f3 also has the same distance,  but there is no way moving the king closer to a queen is a good idea,  especially when he is gay in this game.  Knight c6.  King c4 is forced.  Man, I really need him to play knight f6 right now so I won't have to go to d5.  Of course it can't be that convenient.  King d5 is forced.  All right, now let's just hope that he won't see knight c6 king c4 d5 king d3 d e4 king c3  knight d5 king c4 b5 king d5 ishabbi 7 checkmate in 6.  Thank god.  King c4.  Ha, now my king is a little bit safer, and if he can just play b5 so that I can retreat him  even further away, that will help me a lot.  Or he can just push the same pawn again and force king back to d5.  This video is going very wrong very quickly.  Knight e7.  Taking this pawn is best, but sadly, advancing is forced.  g6.  Ah ha, now there is queen f6 king c7 is forced due to the challenges rules queen c6 checkmate in 2,  so even though this move doesn't bring me closer to his king.  King c7.  To be clear, this move doesn't change the fact that he still has a lot of ways to checkmate me,  but the difference is that most of them are only preemptive moves,  which means those moves don't give a check,  so king c7 will make it harder for him to find those checkmates.  b5.  Ah ha.  Finally.  Now my king cannot move closer to his king anymore.  I can move another thing.  Bishop a6.  That blunders a woman.  f6.  I'll take that pawn too.  Man, it's only been 2 moves and he's lost his queen and another pawn.  Abandonment.  Mission accomplished.  "Silence"  "Outro" 