 100 rated chess, but you like drawing, you offer a draw every time your opponent makes a blunder.  If the draw is accepted, you draw a picture of Arnish Jeevy. This is going to be short.  E4. D5. I'll take it. Queen takes. Okay. Here we go. Queen h5. The plan is very simple.  From playing a countless number of games against the 100 rated players,  I have come to realize that no matter how hard I try, they will always make a massive blunder at  some point during the game, therefore, I will sacrifice my queen first, so that after my  opponent has a big lead in material, he will not accept my draw offer after he makes his blunder.  And then he didn't take my queen. This video is going very wrong very quickly. Missing my queen  can also be considered as a blunder, therefore, draw offer. He refused it. Queen takes f7.  I mean if he goes king d7 here, I'm down to just resign this game. Thank you. Knight f3. Alright,  now let's proceed to checkmate him. King e8. Bishop c4. The idea is knight e5, he makes a  random move, I offer a draw, he declines the draw, bishop f7 mate. Knight c6. That prevents knight e5,  therefore, d4. In no world do you take it with your queen here. No doubt. Knight e5. Oh no my rook.  Knight takes c2 check. King f1 is blundering a king, therefore, king e2 is kinda forced.  Knight takes a1. Ah ha, that blunder's bishop f7 checkmate in one, but since it is a blunder,  I have to offer a draw first. Well I mean even if he agrees to the draw right now,  it is still fine because I get to show my spectacular skill at drawing Mr. Jiri,  and if he declines the draw, we have a longer video. It's an absolute win win.  Draw declined. Ha, now checkmating is great, but since he took a long time but didn't see  the checkmate threat, I suppose I can make the video a little bit longer. Rook d1. Longer video  means more ads revenue, but of course I will checkmate him next move since it is too risky  to let it last longer. G5. Draw offer. I mean since he didn't accept it the last time,  there is no reason to accept it this time. Right?  So, perfect.  [Music] 