 100 rated chess, but your piece won't move if there is at least one of your pawns in front of it.  1. Upvote. It's pretty sad, but it's okay, I got you buddy. Okay the plan is obviously to just  sacrifice all these useless pawns so that my pieces can move out and play, and the most important  piece that needs to move first, is the queen. I mean if he plays E5 right now to let me bring  David out of the D file, that will be very convenient. Almost convenient. D5. Of course  he'll take. Or not. D takes E6. Alright, now my queen can move, the challenge has become a little  bit easier. F takes. Okay, the second most impactful piece should be my light square bishop. Therefore,  F4. D5. Aha! Change of plan. E4. This way I can sacrifice Edward immediately, and being able to  move the king is also not a bad option. Unless he doesn't take the pawn. Bishop F2 check is forcing  my king to move, which ends the video, and even though that move doesn't seem very likely to  happen, I'll play it safe. You know what they say, better be safe than pregnant. Queen F6. Man this  guy just really doesn't want to take any pawns. I'll take then, I mean queen takes F4 is extremely  dangerous because I cannot take his queen due to the rules, but who plays like that anyway. Right?  No doubt. H4, preventing any queen H4 in the future,  and I mean as long as he doesn't take this pawn, everything is absolutely under control.  That blunders a woman, but I cannot take it due to the rules, I cannot block with the knight also  due to the rules, I cannot move my queen to these squares because that is blundering my bishop,  I cannot move my bishop because that doesn't make any sense. Therefore, queen D2 is kinda forced.  Man, this situation is absolutely horrifying, and to be honest, if he finds queen G3 right now,  I'm down to just FF. Ha! Noob. Queen takes bishop takes king takes. Alright, now the situation is  much better, but I'm still only having a bishop to move, so the challenge is still on. G6. Bishop D3.  E5. Very aggressive. H6, I mean of course he'll take right, there's nothing to think about here.  Nevermind. That blunders a pawn. Knight takes G6. That blunders a horsey. I mean normal people  would want their opponent to take here, but I actually prefer to keep my bishop,  so if he can let my bishop survive, that will be very convenient. Thank you. Bishop back.  Rook G8 that blunders a pawn bishop E6 G4 bishop G4 knight F3 rook G5 that blunders a rook and  resignation. Mission accomplished.  [Music] 