 100 rated chess, but you have to blunder every piece. Not pawn. At least once, for the true  100 elo experience. You know, blundering every piece sounds like a total disrespect to the 100  rated players out there, but I mean who cares anyway. We get an exact 100 rated guy from Colombia.  G4. Ah ha. D5. It's very rare to see a 100 rated guy knowing about the grob opening,  so I suspect this guy is secretly high rated, and is just trying to smurf.  Nevermind. Now I have bishop F5 blundering a bishop, but the challenge only said that I have  to blunder every piece at least once, and did not say that I have to blunder them every time I can.  Therefore, I'll take this pawn. Qd3. Very aggressive. Nc6. The plan is to win some  materials first, and then try to give back materials as we play. Qe4. That blunders a queen,  but do I even take it though, I mean eating another woman always sounds very tempting,  but there's an enormous chance that he'll just straight up resign the game after his wife is  taken. You know what? I think it's fine. Alright dude, now just calm down, continue playing,  and I promise I will give you back some materials very very soon.  Ah ha. There we go. Bp2. Giving back materials is kinda forced now, because I totally don't  want him to resign. Bd8. Another piece here. Exd4, Qxd4. I mean that was more like a sacrifice of a  knight for 2 pawns, but let's just ignore that for now. Bg4. Very aggressive. E5. I'm amazed  that he knows how to stop castling, but blunder a queen very early like that? C3. Qd5. I want to  keep my queen active so that I can easily sacrifice her later in the game. What the f*** was that?  Wow. I solemnly swear, that this guy is not a paid actor. Rxc8. I mean since he wanted me to  take his bishop, there is no way he would resign right now. Right? Why is he thinking for so long?  Kf1. That blunders a lot of things over here, but I definitely don't want to take more than  necessary. E3. Fxe3. That blunders a rook, but again, I don't think taking it now is a good idea.  Ba3. I mean I may consider taking it after he takes my bishop. Or not. Ha. The challenge said  I have to blunder every piece at least once, and since I have already blundered this bishop last  move, I don't have to blunder it anymore, which means I can go. Bb7. Now this bishop will be  invincible, and I will not trade it with anything, since all of my other pieces will very likely be  dead later on. a4. Alright, now for the biggest challenge of them all. I have to blunder my king,  and he must not see the checkmate sequence. And to be honest, the second one sounds a little bit  too difficult. Let's just take this rook. I mean leaving too many pieces will only allow him to  have easier chance of spotting a checkmate. Another pawn push. Let's fast forward a little bit.  Kd7 Nd2 Ke6 Ne4 I'll take it Nf3 I blunder my woman rook takes Kd5 h5 Kf5.  Kc4 Nd2 check. And as you can see, my opponent doesn't have much time left.  Man. I totally should have chosen a longer time control. Kd3. And it's over. But now what?  The video didn't end, so there is no what the f*** today, but the challenge was also not  accomplished, so there is no mission accomplished. What kind of situation is this?  Oh well. I guess I'll just play the outro.  [Music] 