 I'm better than my viewers, power pawns. These names just don't make any sense.  But anyway, ladies and gentlemen and people somewhere in the middle,  welcome to another I'm better than my viewers video, and today's challenger is a guy called  Average Masochist Cullen, with a rating of whopping 2200 rapid. And don't worry,  that word doesn't get demonetized. I'll take this pawn first. Retreating the king on the  very first move is obviously too cowardly of an action. And you know what, I guess I'll just  keep my king on this very same square and not going to retreat him for even a single time in  this entire game, like how a real man plays his game of chess. D6. King f4. Knight d5 check. King  g3. Queen g8. Ah ha. As you can see, Stockfish didn't like that move very much, and since I am  always the nicest guy in the entire world, I asked my opponent, "Do you want to remove?" I'm offering  my opponent a free takeback, because I also don't like gaining advantages too early into the game,  but then he said, "Nah. I will win anyway so giving away a little bit doesn't matter,  winky face. This guy is so dead." Queen f5. Forking two things, can only save one.  He saved the fat one. Queen takes f7. Bishop f6. That blunders a pawn. Queen takes rook takes  rook takes. Rook f8. Knight c7 would have been checkmate if it wasn't because of this knight.  Therefore, rook f5. I mean who knows, maybe he'll blunder bishop h4 check thinking that it creates  a double attack on my king and my rook. Of course it doesn't happen. He's trying to create a free  square for his king, but sadly that abandons this pawn. Knight f7. Rook d7. Knight d6. Ah ha. In  this position, there is a very easy-to-see checkmate in 8 for white. So if you are interested,  don't even care about it, because you won't ever find it anyway. Rook takes d6. I mean I missed  the checkmate but it doesn't even matter because I'm too far ahead in materials right now. King b7.  Very aggressive. This center knight is too strong. Rook sacrifice. Pawn takes knight b4 bishop d4.  Ah ha. Unlike last time, this is just a simple checkmate in 5, so while I was using 5% of my  brainpower to find the checkmate, I see the mate in 5 lol. For context, he said this sentence in  like 3 seconds after making his move, so I had no choice but to spend the next 15 minutes thinking  about the moves, and if you are also interested. This time, please feel free to pause the video  to find this absolutely amazing checkmate, while I don't give you any seconds to do so because  people skipped the video, and the answer is Rook d7 King down b7 King up knight c6 King a6 b pawn  underpromotes with a check Rook takes Rook a7. Checkmate. I'm better than my viewers.  [Music] 