 I'm better than my viewers. Agincourt. In case you don't know what Agincourt is. Don't worry,  a lot of people also don't know about it. Ladies and gentlemen and gays, welcome to another episode  of I'm better than my viewers, and the viewer this time is a guy called, Rick Astley. And no,  not the real one. Knight b3. I don't know, that was just a random move, I want to see how he  decides to play this game first. Bishop takes a6, okay so he wants to play on this side and at the  edge of the board. So I guess. E5. As the grandmasters always say, if your opponent attacks  you on the side, attack the center. Knight takes h5. Ah ha, I think taking this knight is not a  good choice because it's gonna open up the file for his rook and his queen. So I'll go for. Rook  f2. I want him to think that I want to trade rooks, but the real purpose is that I want to open up my  queen's attack toward his knight, and if this plan works, I think I have a great chance at turning  the table of this game. Perfect. That blunders a horsey. Alright, change of plan, we're not attacking  the center anymore, but instead go for a quick checkmate at his king. Knight takes a5. H7.  This rook is pinned, so he cannot take my pawn. Bishop g7. Rook g2. Alright, now if he can just  go king f8 blundering h8=queen check bishop h8 queen h8 checkmate in 2. That will be very convenient.  Of course it doesn't happen. I'll take this bishop. Knight b3. Guys, when your king is being  attacked by 23 points of materials, please don't try to counterattack your opponent's king with a  lonely horsey. Rook g8. And now if he can continue to take my rook which blunders rook f8 king f8 h  pawn changes gender with a checkmate. That will be absolutely amazing. This guy just never blunders  his king. Rook f8 anyway. King d7. I'll take his woman. Stockfish didn't seem to like that move  very much, but as a human being, I'm just gonna say, Stockfish sucks. Knight takes d8. H pawn  changes gender. Ha! Who's maidenless now? Rook takes f1. Very aggressive. I'll take it. Knight  takes d2. King e1. Rook c2. E. 6. Again, Stockfish didn't like that move very much, but I think it  actually wants my opponent to play king c6, which is very, very unnatural. Rook takes. That should  blunder the king. Queen d5 rook d6 queen h7 king c8 queen a8. Checkmate. I'm better than my viewers.  (upbeat music)  ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ 