 I'm better than my viewers, you're white. Okay we can very clearly see that white is having a  monstrosity advantage here, so there's obviously no way people are allowing me to play white.  Welcome to episode 16 of I'm better than my viewers, and today's challenger is a guy called  Admiral Sabers with a cat profile picture. And as mentioned before, we are obviously playing black  this game. Bishop takes F5. I'll take this rook. Man this really doesn't look good for me.  Bishop takes E6. I mean even though Stockfish thinks this is +20 for white,  I actually don't think it's that bad. Knight E takes G4. The idea is if he takes with bishop,  there is knight G5 smothered checkmate, but since he's 1100 rated in rapid,  there's no way that can ever happen here. Nevermind. Wow.  It's 3 moves. Plot twist, after the game, he actually couldn't accept the fact that he  blundered smothered mate on move 3, so he offered a rematch, and of course, I also couldn't accept a  short video only featuring 3 moves and I make absolutely no ads revenue. I accepted the offer.  And to change things up, I'm playing white this game, and to be honest, maybe the guy who came up  with this position actually saw this was coming, so he said that I should be playing white in the  first place. Bishop takes F5. I'm copying his move here. Rook takes C1. Bishop takes E6. In no world  do you use my plan against me. King takes E6, and as of move number 2, we have a completely new game.  Bishop B3 check. Knight blocks, man I'm having so many pieces it's actually pretty confusing  which one to use, so I guess, I'm not using any. Knight takes G4, let's give a check first,  it doesn't hurt to give a check. King D7. Ah ha, this is probably the biggest ah ha of this entire  channel. He is literally baiting me to take his knight and blunder knight takes F2 checkmate in  one with a royal fork on my smothered queen, which is going to be the utmost humiliation ever in the  history of chess. Therefore, I'm not very interested in that move. Knight takes G4,  that was really dangerous back there. Knight G5 check. King H2. Queen takes D2. Bishop E5 check.  King D6. Rook takes E1. King E7. Rook H8. King D6. Ah ha, now there is rook D8. King E7. Rook D7.  King F8. Rook C8. A very textbook ladder checkmate in 3, but as a grandmaster once said,  if you find a checkmate, look for a better one, and in this position, there is something actually  even better than that checkmate in 3. Rook C6. Check. King E7. Rook C7. Check. King D6. Rook C6.  Check. King E7. Rook C7. Check. King D6. Rook C6. Check. And it's a draw by repetition.  And since I got a draw and a win after 2 games, I'm better than my viewers.  [Music] 