 100 rated chess. But it's bingo. The game of bingo is statistically fair for everyone,  and theoretically speaking chess is also statistically fair for everyone,  so this video is even fairer than your country's law. We get a 154 from France. I have always  wondered how can a maidenless survivor day in Paris while watching people all around the world  kissing on the city street, so I can only hope the sky is not having to suffer it. But anyway.  E4. E5. The easiest square to start with is obviously the very center.  Knight C6. And I mean even though the challenge told me to move my king forward,  it didn't prevent me from pulling him back. King E1 is best. And I'm not a coward.  Knight F6. There is only one square with a time-limited challenge,  so I should obviously do that square first. D3. Queen E7. Bishop G5.  H6. Bishop takes F6. Ha, even though this is just an equal trade, I still managed to get a +3  material advantage within 6 moves, therefore I'll say that this square is a success.  And don't argue with me. G takes F6. Well I guess may as well go for this column then. Knight C3.  F5. Very aggressive. I'll take. E4. I'll take again. Recapture is best.  Didn't happen. But that is still a free horsey. Okay I actually need him to stop blundering  pieces and then surprisingly resign the game. Thank you. And you know what, performing a losing  trade and giving 3 checks, make an amazing opportunity, for queen takes D7. Queen takes.  Knight D5. Queen B5. This guy has just blundered all of the major pieces he has, within a single  move. What a legend. Rook D1. Please check me. Maybe not. But now I can at least do the 3 checks  one. Knight C7 check. King F8. Rook D8 check. King G7. I don't want to make any more captures as it  only provokes my opponent to resign sooner. Rook D1. And he should be able to see, that queen A5 is  a fork. Bingo. Mission accomplished, and since from now on it is only a normal game with me smurfing  at my opponent, I cannot afford to show it on screen, therefore the video ends right here.  [Music] 