 I'm better than my viewers, again caught, but I'm very sorry, this name was taken by another guy before, so I have to delete this part.  But anyway, gays and gentlemen and ladies, welcome to another episode of I'm better than my viewers, and the viewer this time is a guy called Rick Astley.  It's like there are 200 Rick Astley's in my server.  As soon as I invited him into the game, he said,  "Ha ha, you're Megan-less."  "This guy is so dead."  "Bishop Fd3."  "Developing a bishop can not be a bad idea."  Rook e8 check.  King f1.  Knight ce6.  "Ah ha, that blunders a pawn."  Bishop e5 knight b5 bishop c6.  And then he said,  "That was a good sack."  "No sir, that was a normal tactic called, overloading."  Rook b8.  I'll take this knight.  Knight b4.  Alright, this time it is truly a sacrifice.  Rook a5 knight a5 bishop c5 knight takes bishop takes king g8 rook a5.  I sacrificed a rook for a knight and 2 pawns.  Knight takes c2.  I'll take with rook.  Knight a8.  Bishop a7.  Rook d8.  "Ah ha, he wants to create a counterattack on my king."  And you know what?  Bishop a2.  "Come at me baby."  Coward.  I'll take it.  Rook takes.  Bishop takes g5.  Again with the overloading tactic.  Knight takes bishop takes rook h7 bishop g5.  I mean even though I'm having a gigantic positional advantage right now,  if he can somehow trade down all of my rooks,  I still cannot checkmate him with only bishops.  Nevermind.  That blunders a rook.  Knight g4.  Bishop d4.  Controlling all of the dark squares near his king.  Knight e5.  "Ah ha, he's obviously baiting me to take his knight which blunders knight e3 forking my king and my rook."  And even though normally I would have done that because it simplifies the position and also creates an open file for my rook,  I don't want to let a guy who said that I'm maidenless forks me.  So I guess, I'll take this knight.  King g7.  And since there is an extremely easy to see checkmate in 9 in this position,  fast forward.  Rook g8.  Checkmate.  Ha! Even though I'm maidenless,  I'm better than my viewers.  [Outro music] 