 100 rated chess, but your opponent has to blunder their queen 3 times before you win.  Ha, if there is one thing I can say about my opponents,  is that they always blunder their queens. We get a 1 1 0 from the Philippines.  E4. So in order to let my opponent blunder his queen, I need to open up the position so that  he'll have a lot of squares to move his queen around. And it will be a bit more problematic  if he keeps playing like a coward like this. D4. Bishop D6. E5. Kicking the bishop away,  and I will take the D pawn whenever he decides to push it forward.  Or he can just take my pawn instead. That blunders a bishop, but if I take that bishop,  he may decide to resign the game before managing to blunder his queen 3 times. So I guess,  knight F3. I mean as long as he doesn't go too wild with his bishop, the game is still under my  control. Absolutely. Bishop D3. Bishop E4 check. It feels like this guy is doing some sort of  challenge that requires you to only move 1 piece at a time. C3. Well, I mean if he wants to move  only his bishop, I'm giving him another reason to do so. Queen E7. Ah ha. He's been moving his  bishop the entire game, but as soon as it is attacked, he decided to stop doing so.  Very logical. I'll take it this time. I mean taking pieces is probably not a very good idea,  but queen E7 was obviously to defend his bishop against my pawn, so taking that bishop comes with  a great chance to lure his queen out of her territory. Exactly as planned. Knight blocks.  Queen back to D6. I suspect this guy has a very special relationship with the D6 square.  Knight E4. I mean I cannot take his queen, but in order to make him blunder his queen 3 times,  I of course need to attack her first. Queen B4 check. Again. And you know what,  I'll block with my bishop. Provoking his queen to come even closer, but somehow I feel like he's  just gonna go back to D6 and blunder his queen for the first time. I solemnly swear, that this guy is  not a paid actor, and seriously, even if I hire a paid actor, I would have told him to do better  than this. But anyway. One down, two more to go. What the fu-  [Music] 