 100 rated chess, but you reveal the challenge after your 4th move.  I cannot imagine what kind of challenge this is to get a sheep reaction,  but we'll know it soon enough. We get a 176 from Turkey.  E4. Since the challenge starts after my 4th move, the best plan is obviously to end the  video within 4 moves, and convenient enough, there is an entire opening for that sole purpose.  E6. That blocks my bishop's view, so I'll change opening, king E2.  Bong clouding in an uncovered challenge may not sound like a very good idea,  but since I have never done this before, it's always good to try doing everything  at least once in our lives, as long as it doesn't break the law.  Knight F6. Pushing is too dangerous, knight C3.  Bishop E4. D3. 4 moves have passed, I'll uncover the challenge after his move.  Knight C6. Ok. Here we go.  Nah, that's not a good opening, move your pieces,  not pawns, back to their starting position and try again.  And now we know, that bong cloud is not a good opening.  My knight is gonna die if I don't move it soon, knight B1 is kinda forced.  Knight D4 check. Optimally speaking, it would be absolutely amazing if I can move my king back and  complete the challenge, but king E3 is forced. Knight back to C6. C3. Preventing this bishop  from controlling E1. Knight G4 check. That blunders a horsey, but since I haven't finished  the challenge yet, I don't want to move another piece as some viewers may use that as a reason  to say that I cheated and should've failed the challenge. King E2 instead.  Bishop C5. King back is blundering a fork. But it's fine. I mean starting a game being down a  rook can be a little bit difficult. Nevermind. King up queen check king over.  And he didn't blunder his queen. Free knight. Castle. Knight F3 should be really strong,  but bishop H6 instead. Somehow I feel like he's gonna blunder something very bad very soon.  F5. He takes F5. Queen takes F5 will be very convenient.  Queen E1. So instead of only blundering a king like I suggested,  this guy managed to lose both his king and his queen. In a single move.  What a legend. I'll take the king.  Mission accomplished.  [outro music] 