 100 rated chess, but you are Robin Hood, you can only take a piece. Or pawn, if it is 3 tiles away, or further.  Ha! It has been a long time since the last time I get to say "or pawn", but anyway.  Very challenging. We get a 101 American.  E4.  E5.  D4. The plan is to open up the board real fast so that my pieces can have more squares to move around.  Perfect. I normally will just lay C3 and go for the Danish Gambit, but after D takes C3 Bishop C4 C takes B2,  I cannot take his pawn because my bishop is only 1 square away from the pawn, and as you have already known,  1, is less than 3, which means that pawn will continue to take my rook and then change his gender.  So I guess, queen takes D4.  Bishop E7. That blunders a pawn, and as you can see, 1, 2, 3, and 3, is not less than 3, therefore, I can take it.  Bishop back to F8. Ah ha! That blunders a rook, but sadly, the rook is only 1 square away from my queen, which is less than 3,  so I guess, queen back to C3. I'm moving my queen away to gain some distance, because you know, big chances that he will blunder his rook again.  Or his bishop. Queen takes G7. That was a 4 square distance, and if I remember correctly,  4, is not less than 3, therefore that move was possible.  Queen E7. That blunders the rook again, and again, I cannot take it right now.  Queen back to C3 again, and I did not blunder Edward, I need him dead so that my pieces can have more space to move around.  Edward is dead. Who cares, bishop E3.  Queen E6. Ah ha, now that really blunders the rook. Man my queen just hippity hoppity all over around his territory.  And I absolutely don't know what that move is.  Wow! That blunders a horsey, but once again, the rules are destroying all the fun.  Knight C3. My horses are actually useless in this game because their move length is square root of 5, which is approximately 2.236,  which is less than 3, but I still need to develop the knight so that I can use my rook.  King retreats. Not very aggressive. Long castle.  Queen E8. Bishop? No.  Rook E1. I was planning to go bishop H6 king E7 rook E1 skewering the royal couple, but let's be a bit more greedy and go for a checkmate in one threat.  Ha, he's obviously baiting me to take his pawn so that he can win my rook, but sadly, that is actually a check, so that plan is just blundering a queen, but anyway.  Bishop to H6. Checkmate.  Mission accomplished.  [outro music] 