 100 rated chess, but you are a noob, you cannot move pieces.  And pawns, until your opponent has shown you how that material moves.  Man, it's pretty creepy that he used pieces here, but then used material after,  it's like he's already known that I will add in pawns into the challenge.  But anyway, we got a 140 from the US, and it's pretty lucky that we got the black pieces,  because I might have to end the video immediately if we've got the white pieces.  A little piece moved forward 2 squares.  Ah ha, as a new player, I don't know how any of these weird shape things move,  but since he's just shown me that these little things standing in front can move forward 2  squares, I'll do the same thing. Again, I absolutely don't know how to play this game,  but I will prove to you guys that a new player can absolutely win their first ever chess game,  even when they only learn from their own opponent.  The spiky shaped thing went diagonally.  Ah ha, so normally a real chess player will go knight c6 here to defend their pawn,  but since I don't know how these horse-like pieces move,  I also don't know that the queen can go horizontally. I have to go for,  the spiky shaped thing 2 squares diagonally.  Again, this is not to defend the pawn because I didn't know the queen can go horizontally,  but also not to defend scholar's mate, it's just a random move from a very chess beginner.  Horsie piece forward. And just like that, I now know how to move.  My horsie. I mean if he can just blunder a horsie right now to make my game a bit easier  as all of my moves are depending on his decisions. That will be very convenient.  Well. Very convenient.  I'll take it. Well I mean if he pushes this pawn right now,  I won't be able to retreat my knight because he hasn't taught me that this piece can also go  backward. But all I can do is just hope that he won't play like that.  The thin and tall piece goes diagonally.  Yeah, now I know that my thin and tall guy can also go diagonally,  but before we do that, let's take it for free.  Small guy in front 1 square forward. That blunders the guy with 3 horns in the corner.  Maybe that was a bad decision because I haven't known how the guys with 3 horns move yet,  but since he still has 1 more on the other side, I guess I don't have to worry about that.  Tall and thin guy 1 square to the right.  Ah ha, now the best continuation is obviously queen b1 queen d1 queen d1 king d1 knight b2,  but since I don't know that my queen can go horizontally,  poor c piece takes the tall and thin.  Resignation.  And with this game, I just want to say, that even the newest chess player can literally win their  very first chess game ever without knowing anything at all even about how the pieces move.  So if you cannot do it. Well.  You s-  *outro music* 