 100 rated chess, but you reveal the challenge after 6 moves.  Ha, I would be worried if it was 2 or 3, but 6 is like a free win for me. We get a 1 25 from the UK.  E3. Not very aggressive.  E5. 1 move is out, 5 more until the challenge begins.  Queen F3. So I think the best plan should be to get as many pieces out as possible before  the challenge begins, therefore, bishop C5. Bishop C4. Knight F6, I mean it will be a little bit  disturbing if he decides to sacrifice his bishop just to make me waste a move on my useless king.  But who plays like that anyway? Right? Of course. D5. Bishop E3. Normally I would like to play E4  here against the 100 rated players, but since I only have 2 free moves left, it's better to  develop a bishop. Well but I mean if he really blunders his queen here, I'm down to spend a  precious move to make the capture. Of course that doesn't happen. Only 1 move left, I have to move  my queen. E4. Very aggressive. 6 moves are already over. Let's reveal the challenge.  All pieces, or pawns, you have moved have to stay in those positions.  Knight C6. It's fine, I don't need those useless things. He takes a useless unable to move pawn.  Knight D4. I will destroy his position using only this horsey.  C3. Knight F5. Please blunder your queen. Thank you. Knight takes G3. Ha, now please take this  immobilized bishop and immobilized queen and leave my movable knight aside. Or you can take that  pawn, also works. Long castle. You may be wondering why didn't I take this rook and save my knight  first? Well, I still believe that he's gonna take my queen now instead of my knight and open up this  file for a potential checkmate. Absolutely. Rook HE8 check. I mean checkmating him right now is  still a very challenging task as I cannot move any of these pieces, for example even if he blocks  with the knight and blunder a checkmate in 4 of rook E2 king D1 rook B2 discovered check F3.  I still have to take that pawn with this bishop, which is not allowed by the rules.  But who cares anyway. King D2. Now I have to take this rook. It's fine. No need to rush,  and who knows maybe he'll go knight E2 giving away a free knight and a free king.  That blunders a king. Rook takes E2 check. Well I mean king D3 getting into a very easy to see  checkmate in 5 is still very problematic as I cannot move my light square bishop,  but maybe he'll decide to go down instead.  Very convenient. Knight takes F2. Checkmate. Mission accomplished.  (upbeat music)  ♪ He's a lucky guy. ♪ 