 I'm better than my viewers number 28, the saved stalemate.  Note, this position was built on the stalemating-  Oh no, we don't talk about that one.  Welcome to another episode of I'm better than my viewers,  and the challenger this time is a guy called Farmer Tom.  Normally I would let my opponent has the side that is having the advantage,  but since even Stockfish is having difficulties analyzing this position,  I let him choose his own pieces, and he chose  the white pieces. Knight c6. I'm sorry David,  but a center pawn cannot live for long against a lot of women anyway.  David is dead. Rook b8. Queen f3. Knight f6. I don't know what he's  trying to do yet, but since the position is very complicated,  it's better to just defend everything. King a2. Not very aggressive.  Bb6. The plan is obviously knight b4 check with a discovered attack on the  queen, but since he's 1500 rated, there's not  much room for that to happen. Or he can just straight up blundering a  queen and absolutely ignores the tactic. Bishop takes queen takes. e6.  Queen bd1. Knight d5. Defending this pawn, also opening up the way to develop  this bishop. Queen g4. Bishop f6.  Again, I don't know what he's doing, but defending can never be a bad decision.  Queen takes d5. Ah ha, he is once again offering a trade of a queen for two  minor pieces, and since it is profit for me, I'll take  it. Queen takes f6. h5.  Queen g2. Rook h7. Defending a possible threat, also making room for king h8 in  the future. Queen e7. There's no way I can keep that  queen alive, therefore, h4. You know what they say,  if you're losing a woman, at least try to get another one.  Queen f8 rook f8. And in this very position,  since we can clearly see that I'm about to lose, I did the thing that every toxic  players do when they are losing. I offered a draw, and to everyone's  surprise, he refused it. Nice try, smiley face.  Queen h3. c5. Queen e7. Rook h5. The grandmasters always say that you  should get your rooks active in a rooks endgame,  but quite frankly, that is freaking impossible in this game.  Queen a7 d4. This is so hopeless. Queen b6. Rook a8. King b3. d3. King c3.  Ah ha! I guess it is time for my last  ditch effort. Rook g5. The plan is queen takes h4. Rook g2. King takes d3.  Rook a3. Check. King c4. And then rook a4. Check. Winning a woman.  Perfect. Here we go. Rook g2. I've just figured out that he  actually has queen b5 that can defend rook a5 and threaten queen e8 backrang  checkmate at the same time, but since that move is very hard to see  as you have to move a queen only one square,  big chance is that he won't be able to see it.  Ha! I was about to resign if he really sees queen b5.  But anyway, rook takes d8. Queen d8. King h7 is forced. Queen d3. Check.  And in this very position, we finally agreed to a draw,  since this position is obviously a draw, and even though a draw usually means I'm  better than my viewers, this time even Stockfish couldn't analyze  the starting position to say that who's better.  Therefore, I'm better than my viewers, but this guy,  and only this guy, is equal to me.  [Music] 