 100 rated chess. But you, and your opponent, can only kill a piece, with that exact same piece.  Pawns as well. And by the way. Is it same exact, or exact same?  Man. English is weird. But anyway, we get a 2 0 7 from Chili. Pawns should be the most useful  guys in this challenge. Therefore, E4. Let's just push all of them forward. D5. Ah ha. If I take  that pawn, Queen takes will end the video, because a Queen can only capture another Queen, and not a  pawn. Therefore, E5. E6. D4. Ha. Now it's an advanced French instead. And he knows the theory.  Wow. C3. Alright. I'm kinda scared now. C takes D4. C takes D4. Oh. Wait. I made a mistake.  Now if he plays Bishop B4 check, I cannot block with my knight, because he can take it and end  the video, I also cannot block with my bishop, because if he takes my bishop, I also cannot  take back with another piece, since that means I will be ending my own video, which means if Bishop  B4 happens, King E2 will be kinda forced. Thank you. A3. Well I mean he can still play Bishop B4  because the rule doesn't allow me to take his bishop. But of course he'll not blunder a piece  like that. Right? There we go. He obviously preparing G4 if I play knight F3 now. Therefore,  H3. Knight H6. It seems like he really wants to stop me from playing knight F3. But sadly,  that doesn't work. Knight F3. He should be able to see, that G4 is blundering a pawn to Bishop takes  H6 Bishop takes H6 H takes G4, or Bishop takes H6 G takes F3 Bishop takes F8 F takes G2 Bishop  takes G2 King takes F8 and his king won't be able to castle. Right? Maybe not. Of course I cannot  take his knight due to the rules, I also cannot take his pawn because knight takes will also end  the video. But I also don't want to move my knight away because that makes me look like a coward.  Therefore, Bishop G5. Let's just see what happens first, and I think there is actually a small  chance that he will play queen A5 Bishop D2 queen D8 Bishop G5 and then we repeat moves for a  precious draw. Nevermind. Now he has a double attack on my pieces, and both of those moves  actually end the video as well. Therefore, he takes F6 is kinda forced. Alright, it's still  fine though. He should be able to see, that I'm threatening F7 check, with a discovered attack on  his queen, so in no world does he end my video now. Right? Ha! So he didn't see the threat,  and also didn't end the video. H takes G4. Another problem solved. Now just play knight F7 to defend  your queen and everything is good. Dude. Just as I've just solved a problem, another one comes up.  D takes E5 is kinda forced. Dude. Stop blundering your queen,  and just play that move so that we both can be happy.  Well I kinda saw that was coming, so there's no what the f*** today.  [outro] 