 100 rated chess. But all of your pawns must die before the game ends.  Well I mean no one cares about the cheap pawns anyway.  D4. Ah ha. The first pawn to die. Hash to be Edward. I'm so sorry Edward,  but please remember that your sacrifice is contributing a major part to our victory.  Or not. G5. Okay so it's either you taking my pawn, or you taking my pawn but also blundering  your bishop. Or none of the above. I'll take this, I mean if I start taking his pawns,  he'll get mad and take my pawns. Or I mean he can just let me take another pawn. I'll take it.  Okay this video is going very wrong very quickly, the original plan was me losing all my pawns,  and somehow it changed to my opponent losing all of his pawns and I get to keep mine.  Thank god. I'll take this too. Now don't tell me that you're gonna move your king this way.  Perfect. 2 down, 6 to go. D6. 5 to go. Bishop takes, I'm threatening bishop G3 check king  takes G3 and I win his woman. So if he can just leave his queen right there for 1 move,  that will be very convenient. And he saw the tactic. B5 of course, I mean it's pretty dangerous  to get the queen closer like this, but the main purpose is that I need to let my pawns die.  Half soldiers down. Bishop D7, well I mean if he can just play queen B7 blundering bishop C6  forking his queen and his rook, that will be very convenient. Okay we all know that he's not a paid  actor, because a paid actor would've already blundered his queen on the bishop G3 tactics  like 3 moves before. Bishop C6, well at least now he won't blunder his queen in this very obvious  situation. Or he does. Wow. Now if I take his queen, he may decide to resign, which fails the  mission. Okay who cares knight takes C6. If I didn't take his queen, people would say that I'm  a coward, and I mean since he's only down 6 points of materials, big chance is that he's not gonna  resign here, and then I'll sacrifice my materials back to get his motivation up again. Yeah maybe  I should've been a coward and not taken the queen.  [Music] 