 100 rated chess, but each series of 8 moves has to be on each unique file.  Well, I normally don't take on challenges that are too strict, or too hard to understand,  because I also need my viewers to understand the challenge.  But of course, I can't argue with money.  So anyway.  We get a 270 from the US.  In a normal game of chess, most of the things happen in the center of the board.  Therefore, I think I should go with A3.  I strongly believe that I should reserve my center moves for emergencies, since I can  only land a move on the file, once.  E5.  H3.  No reason to move in the center yet.  C5.  Very aggressive.  D3.  Knight F6.  G3.  Everything is still fine.  Ok it's not fine.  D3.  Please leave my house little horsey.  Or not.  That blunders a horsey, and since the E file is still available.  Of course I'll take it.  Knight D4.  Man, this guy is really aggressive with his horses.  Knight F3 looks really good, but if he goes knight takes F3, I cannot take back, since  I will have to make a C file move.  Therefore, C3.  Knight takes B3.  That blunders a horsey.  But since I have to make an F file move, I cannot take it.  Which makes me lose a rook.  This mission is getting very wrong very quickly.  Knight F3.  And he didn't even take it.  Now since the series of 8 moves has been reset, rook K2 should be the best move.  But I think that, I should take a risk.  E3.  Unlike you guys who can see the available files on the screen, I'm actually using a  notebook in real life to note down the files, so unless I'm taking risk, I'm so going to  lose on time.  Knight takes A1.  Bishop takes C4.  A5.  Man, this guy has to be the most aggressive opponent I have ever met.  Queen D5.  Now please don't see anything.  Knight C2 check.  That blunders a horsey.  Because now I can go king D2, which counterattack his knight, and after he defends the checkmate  threat, I can win his knight.  But sadly, I have already made a move on the D file, which means, king F1 is kinda forced.  Oh, wait.  On second thought, maybe this guy is actually a genius.  Because it seems like he knows that my king cannot move to the E or D file, so he gave  a check, which forces king F1, and now since my king has already landed on the F file,  my queen cannot checkmate his king anymore, due to the mission.  Are you serious?  A4.  That blunders a king.  But it feels like my opponent is actually laughing into my face that I cannot checkmate  him, even though it is right there.  You know what?  Who cares?  Queen takes F7, checkmate, mission accomplished.  [Music] 