 100 rated chess, but you random which piece, or pawn, you have to move.  Well, easy then.  First off, let's build our randomizing engine.  The codes for this video is actually pretty similar to my last randoming video.  Link in the description below.  The only thing that changed, is instead of files, we now have, the pieces.  But instead of putting boring things like, the A pawn, the B pawn, the B file knight,  I've decided to gave them, some names.  The first two rows are for the pawns, whose names are not capitalized.  For example, Bobby Dejango is the B pawn, Federico is the F pawn, and Guadalupe is the G pawn.  The last two rows are for the pieces, whose names are capitalized at the first letter.  For example, Benjamin is the B file knight, Carlos is the C file bishop, David, Diana, is the queen.  And with that out of the way, let's find an opponent.  We get a 274 from Belize.  Okay. First move.  Should I roll the dice, or should I just flex and say things like,  "I will do it from move 5 or something."  Among the 16 pieces and pawns that I'm having, only 10 can move,  which makes the video's chance to survive, is 10 out of 16, which is 62.5%.  And that's actually a pretty small number to be honest.  But since it's over 50%, I'll do it, to prove that I'm a real man, and not a coward.  Go!  Annunciation!  Alright, not a good roll, but at least the video survived.  Annunciation, A3.  E6.  Now instead of 10 out of 16, it's 11 out of 16, which is 68.75%.  Still not good. But since I've done it from move 1, there's no way to go back now.  Federico.  Oh no. That's literally the worst roll possible.  But anyway, I must obey the rules.  Federico F3.  If now he plays Qh4+, and I don't roll GdL, the video ends.  Thank god.  He decided to move his queen, but not too aggressive.  Please roll something good.  Federico again.  There's no way this is good.  Federico F4.  Qxf4.  Now he's obvious going to play Bc5, trying to checkmate me.  So please, give me something that can defend the threat.  Benjamin.  This guy obviously cannot defend the threat.  But anyway.  Benjamin C3.  Bc5.  Yep. I saw that was coming.  And I'm also pretty sure that I'm about to be checkmated by a 100 rated.  And even worse, I will be checkmated by a bishop.  Therefore, the god of RNG, please, bless me.  Hendrik.  And he's trapped.  Oh wait.  If I can't move Hendrik, the video ends now.  So instead of getting checkmated by a 100 rated, I can end my video.  Thank you god of RNG.  [Music] 