 Christmas special. You give away any pieces, not pawns, when possible. But if the opponent  doesn't take it, the video ends. This is not gonna go well, we get a 1 29 from Chili.  Since I'll have to sacrifice my pieces when it's possible, let's just delay the development,  as much as possible. A3. E5. Ah ha, he obviously wants to push E4, which forces me to play knight  F3, which gives away my horsey, which is not good. Therefore, F3. Bishop C5. C3. A preemptive move to  D5. Knight F6. Pushing center pawns is just killing my bishops. Therefore, G3. I want to go bishop G2,  and then we can push our E-pawn forward. Knight D5. Bishop G2. Exactly as planned.  Queen G5. That blunders a bishop to D4, but if I go D4, after he moves his queen away,  I'll have to sacrifice my bishop, instead of taking his bishop. And even though I can sacrifice  my king now by going H4, queen takes G3 check, king F1 is forced, queen F2 checkmate, I think  we can just exempt the king, from the mission's rules. Therefore, B3. Now if he goes B5,  I won't have to go queen A4 sacrificing my queen anymore. Ha! Knight E3. That blunders a horsey.  But I can't take it, because I have to sacrifice my pieces. I mean I can just move my queen away  and sacrifice my bishop instead, but funnily enough, my queen is trapped. Are you serious?  B4. I don't know about that move, I just didn't want to waste more time thinking,  because as you can see, I'm down more than 1 minute already. Knight takes D1. Alright. Bishop  B2 is forced. I totally shouldn't have pushed that B-pawn. Knight takes B2. It's fine. B takes C5.  Knight C4. You know what? Let's take a risk. Knight H3. That is a very dangerous move,  because if he just moves his queen back, I'll have to sacrifice my knight. But you know,  since I'm already pretty much losing this game, I'll have to take as many chances as possible.  Yeah. Didn't work. Knight F4 is kinda forced. I mean he may decide to take with queen. Right?  Yeah. Also didn't work. Bishop H3 is forced.  Ha! You know what? This is the first time that I'm happy when the video ends,  since I don't want to get checkmated in a video. But anyway. What the f-  [outro music] 