 100 rated chess, but I need to teach my opponent how to on pass out.  Okay.  We get a 100 rated from Ireland.  With premiumed membership.  So in order to teach him the French move, I think I need to make the move first, and  then I will give him a chance to do the move.  Therefore, F4.  The most pushed pawn on the chessboard has to be the E pawn, so I'm planning to go F5,  E4, on pass out.  Also, pushing F4 first can also prevent him from playing E5 too early, since it's just  blundering a pawn.  Well, I guess it doesn't prevent the move then.  Now F5 doesn't have much meaning anymore, since I don't think he's going to play G5  any time soon.  Therefore, F takes E5.  Now please play D5, or even F5 is also good.  Bishop C5.  Aha!  Now I can tell that this guy is actually a smurf.  He's tricking me into playing D4, which looks like it supports the E pawn and also kicks  the bishop away, but then he'll play Qh4 check, G3, and Qxd4.  Therefore, Nf3.  Getting a smurf opponent is actually really good, since there's a big chance that he's  already known about the on pass out.  Okay he's not a smurf.  Kxf2 is forced.  D5.  Yes!  On pass out.  Ah, that feels good.  Cxd6.  Now that I have taught him about the move, it's time to let him do it himself, and since  his pawns are so far away, let's go for, King E3.  I'll use my king as a bait to lure his pawns forward.  Bishop G4.  That's not a pawn move.  Knight C3.  I don't want to move my pawns, since every time a pawn moves, that pawn cannot be on  pass outed anymore.  Queen E7.  King F2.  Dude!  Please move your pawns, your queen is useless here as long as I still have this many pieces  on the board.  G6.  Yes!  That is not much of a progress, but it is still some progress.  King G3.  Here, please play F5 to defend your bishop, or even H5 is kinda ok too.  Queen E5 check.  That blunders a queen.  And the best thing is, after he takes my knight, his pawn is a bit closer to delivering the  French move.  Perfect.  King F2.  I'm not attacking your bishop anymore.  Now just go F5, then E4, or maybe just go E4 right away, and I promise that I will not  take your pawn.  Oh.  Right.  I forgot that he can resign too.  Oh well.  [MUSIC] 