 chess, but you always have to move your pieces in a specific order. Pawn, knight, bishop,  rook, queen, and king.  All right. I'm pretty sure that there's no way I can complete this mission.  But again, I can't argue with money.  Since this mission is so hard, I think I'll play 3 minutes chess, so that I can at least  have some chances of flagging my opponent.  And with that out of the way, let's find an opponent.  We get a 287 from Brazil.  Pawn first. E4.  D5.  Dude. It has only been move 2 and there are already some big issues right here.  Now I have to move a horsey, but if I go knight F3, D takes E4, and I'll lose my knight on  the next turn since I'll have to move a bishop.  The same thing happens with knight C3, D4, or knight H3, bishop takes H3.  Therefore, knight A3 is kinda forced.  D takes E4.  Okay a bishop move.  Bishop E2 looks like the safest move, but it will trap my queen, which will fail the  mission in the next 2 moves.  Therefore, bishop C4.  Knight F6.  Rook B1 is forced.  I can only hope that there is no chess master singing anything right now.  E6.  Queen E2 is kinda forced.  Man.  This is so frustrating.  He is definitely going to take my horsey and there's nothing I can do about that.  Knight A6.  Thank god my horsey survived.  King F1.  Knight B4.  I don't know what that horsey is trying to do.  But anyway.  Back to the pawn move.  C3.  I'm making space for knight C2 next.  Need to move my knight as long as he's still alive.  Knight takes A2.  That blunders a horsey.  But of course, it's time for a horsey move.  Knight C2.  Knight takes C1.  That horsey is threatening my queen, and I still cannot take it because it's a bishop's  move.  But no worries.  Bishop B5 check.  Bishop block.  Rook moves, and of course, rook takes C1.  And please don't take my bishop.  If he takes my bishop, queen takes is forced, and that move is a check, which will bring  out C6, and I lose my queen.  Thank you.  Queen back to D1.  Who cares about a bishop anyway.  Haha!  You see?  Even my opponent doesn't care about my bishop.  But anyway.  Now I have to move my king.  I mean there's only one move available.  But since I can already see knight takes G2 coming next, which is a check, it makes me  sad.  Ok man.  What has to come, has to come.  King E1 is forced.  There you go my dude.  Just go knight G2 already and destroy my mission.  What the f-  [outro] 