 Chess, but you only have  $690 and you pay your soldiers for every moves  Blah blah blah  Castling counts as moving. Oh, wait, wait, wait. That's a different comment. Oh  I see. He didn't mention about castling. So let's make it  $0  Let's go. We get a 215 from India  e4  e5  still theory  Since I have a very limited budget. Let's try to play really aggressively and get some chances at winning quickly  d4  F6 that blunders a pawn  F takes e5  Aha, now it gets really tricky in this position. I have Queen h5 check g6  Queen takes e5 check Queen blocks Queen takes h8 winning a rook  But then he can go Queen g7 which forces Queen takes g7 trading the Queens which is for Queens move in a row  which costs me  $360 more than half of my entire budget and also  Losing the Queen will make it harder for me to checkmate my opponent  Well, but on the other hand if I don't do that, it's actually even harder to find a good plan now  therefore  YOLO Queen h5  check  King e7 that's a lot of testosterone right there  Normally, I'll go Queen takes e5 check King f7 is forced Bishop c4 check d5  Bishop takes d5 check Queen takes d5 e takes d5  But that line requires me to move my Queen first which costs  $90 and even though it wins my opponent's Queen it opens up too much space for his King and other pieces to move  Which should make it harder for me to win quickly  Therefore Bishop c4 I'm threatening Queen takes e5 checkmate in one and you know  There's a chance that he cannot see it, right?  Wow, he actually saw it  Before the video continues in this position. There is a brilliant move according to stockfish  So feel free to pause the video to try and find that move while I give you a couple of seconds  *PAUSE*  Okay for those of you who were able to find it  Congratulations, and for those of you who just wants to enjoy the show  It's Bishop to f4 the idea is if he takes there is Queen d5 check King e7 is forced  Queen e5 checkmate if he just ignores it and play things like a6  There is a forced checkmate in 8 or even if he finds the best move of Queen f6  We can move our Bishop once again to g5 and he'll either have to sacrifice his Queen or go Queen g6 and blunder his  King to Queen all the way back to d1 check King c6 Queen d5 check King b6 and Queen b5 checkmate  But anyway, of course, I didn't see the brilliant move  Queen f7 I was planning that he might decide to go Queen e7 to offer a Queen trade which blunders Queen  d5 checkmate in one  but instead he went for  Knight h6  That also blunders checkmate in two anyway  Queen d5 check and I can pre move Queen takes e5  Checkmate  Fun fact I actually always analyze my games with Stockfish after it is done and this time I got to see  this  0.0% accuracy from my opponent  Man, that was the funniest thing I've ever seen in my entire life  Except for that day when my best friend was kicked in the balls by his girlfriend  but anyway  mission accomplished  [Music] 