 Chess, but your queen acts like a second king  Well, that doesn't sound very impossible. Does it?  Let's see  100 rated chess, but you cannot capture your opponent's or or  horse yes or eyes  Okay, dude, let's just say horses  100 rated chess, but you cannot capture your opponent's horses nor you can let our horses get captured  This also doesn't sound impossible  Therefore  100 rated chess, but I don't harm the horses and my queen sucks  Yeah, that's much better let's find an opponent  *music*  We get a 103 from the US  with premium membership  Since the horses are pretty much useless. I believe I should try to stay  as solid as possible  g3  e5 bishop g2  Knight c6 b3  Knight b4. I don't know what that knight is trying to do. But anyway bishop b2  Knight d5  That blunders a horsey  But of course taking it is against the rules  There's also a free pawn on here, but somehow I have a bad feeling about taking it  so I guess  d3  f5 okay, I'll take the pawn  Knight c3  That blunders this horsey again and what the f*ck dude  Now that knight is threatening my queen and my knight  but I cannot take it and  Since my queen is a second king. This is basically a check so I have to move it  But if I move it now knight takes b1 destroys the mission  Is this some kind of torturing  Okay, fine queen d2 please don't take my knight  Yes  that move blunders the very knight again and  Again taking it is not an option  also, it's attacking my queen which equals to a check and  Moving it up is just too risky. So I guess queen back to d1  I mean, I'm fine with a repetition and I also know that so many people are going to backseat me about that move  But this game doesn't look like it's going well for me. So I need to take the risk, okay?  Bishop before check this is so frustrating  c3  Man, he's so gonna go knight c3 again  Bishop takes oh  I can take that  Knight takes and  Here we are once again  Queen c2  Since he didn't take my knight last time. There's no way he's taking it this time, right?  Why is he thinking for so long  Knight back to d5 blundering that very night for the fourth time  But anyway, I think the danger is over  Knight d2  It's time to strike back  Queen e7 that blunders that horsey for the fifth time and  You know, let's just block the bishops view so I won't have to see that again  B5 very aggressive our castle  Before again, very aggressive night d4  Queen takes c2 that blunders a queen  Mission accomplished  [Jazz music] 