 100 rated chess, but you keep your king in the center.  Smiley face.  OK, but we need to define again, where is the so called, center.  So for most people, the center is the center, 4 squares.  But in real game, after things like e4 e5, my king cannot get to that 4 squares, without  going all the way around like this.  Therefore, I will define the center for this game, is this area.  I need to keep my king, here.  Let's go.  We get a 2 51 from Australia, with premiumed membership.  And it's very unfortunate, that we got the black pieces, which means there is a chance  that I can't even get my king into the middle of the board.  e4 e5  bishop c4 OK here we go again.  King e7  Queen g4 Ha, he moved his queen out as soon as I took  my king into battle.  Which can be considered, as very aggressive.  King d6 Man it feels like this guy knows what I'm  trying to do, since he decided to control the e6 square, with 2 pieces, to guarantee  that my king can never go to that square.  Knight c3 Knight f6  Queen f5 g6  Knight b5 check.  Ah ha!  Danger!  Levels!  I attack his queen, he attacks my king.  King c5  Queen take c5 check.  That blunders a bishop.  Except that it's not really a blunder of a bishop, but it's actually me blundering my  king.  So guys, feel free to pause the video right now and find the checkmate in 2 for white,  while I don't give you any seconds to do so, since people will skip the video, so for those  of you guys who were able to do it, congratulations, and for those of you who are here just to  enjoy the show, which means you didn't see it.  That's fine, because I didn't see it either, I mean I only got 3 minutes on the clock anyway.  It was a4 and queen f3, or a4 knight e4 and queen d4.  But anyway.  Knight c3.  Of course my opponent didn't see it either, and now queen b5 is very dangerous.  c6.  Except that that move once again blunder checkmate in 2, f*** my life, pause the video, or not  it, and the move was b3, king b4, and a3, checkmate with a pawn.  That was almost the biggest humiliation ever for me.  But instead, queen g3.  Since he's moved his queen back.  King c5.  Knight a4 check.  And funny enough, now king c4 and king d4 are my 2 only moves, which blunders checkmate  in 5, or checkmate in 3.  So of course, I chose, the checkmate in 3.  I mean I didn't see any of those anyway, so it's not my fault.  c3.  And of course that is also not the correct move.  King take c4.  Which is once again, blunders checkmate in 4.  And you know what, I've been blundering my king like a thousand times this game, so feel  free to pause the video anytime you want to, because I think it will always be some sort  of checkmate from now on, when my king is literally in his side of the board.  f3.  That is not the right move, and even though king d3 looks real fun, I have to play it  for the video's sake.  King d5, and would you look at that.  King d5, is a great, move.  Who would have thought.  Knight e2.  Aha!  Counter-attack time!  Bishop d6.  Queen h4.  Rook e8.  Queen d4 check.  King e6 is forced.  Keep checking please, as long as you keep checking with your queen, there is always  a chance that you will blunder her.  And just as I was talking about it, knight takes d4.  F takes e4.  Okay, now since I'm up a full queen, I think we can all agree, that I cannot lose this  mission anymore.  Queen h4 check.  Let's just finish this game, since the video is getting kinda long.  g3.  Queen takes e4.  d3.  That blunders a rook.  King f2.  I'll take this pawn as well.  King f3.  Bishop c7.  Bishop f4.  Okay fine.  Knight takes f4 check.  King d6.  c4.  g5.  Knight e2.  That blunders a king, queen takes e2.  Checkmate.  After all of those savage king blunders, I can finally say, mission, accomplished.  [Music] 