 100 rated chess, but you use a random number generator for how many steps that your pieces  or pawns have to move.  Number between 1 and 10.  Dude, for your information, the chess board is only 8x8.  So let's change it to 5.  Because let's take a look at this.  In H5, is only 4 squares in length, and even a max length bishop move, is only 1 2 3 4,  and 5 squares only.  Therefore, if I somehow roll an early 6 or bigger number, the mission is failed.  And with that out of the way, let's start the game.  We get a 1 0 2 from Venezuela.  Random.  2.  Oh, wait.  On second thought, maybe I should have skipped the random first move, since if I had rolled  a 4 or 5, the mission would have been failed.  But anyway, since I rolled a 2, e4.  And by the way, let's make the knight's moves 2 squares as well.  F6.  Random.  3.  The queen g4 is too risky, because if he plays things like d5, the RNGesus may not  allow me to move the queen away from danger.  Therefore, bishop c4.  Well, technically this move is not 3 squares in length, but to make things simpler, let's  just ignore all of the excessive maths.  D5.  That blunders a pawn.  But if I don't roll a 1, 2, or 3, it's actually me blundering a bishop.  Are you serious?  Well I think it's actually fine, since I have a 60% chance of small number.  Right?  And I get a big number.  Queen h5 is forced.  G6.  And now I'm being double attacked.  This mission is going very wrong very quickly.  2.  Queen f3 is kinda forced.  Knight h6.  And he didn't even take my bishop.  60%.  4.  Man, what is wrong with my 60%?  Queen b3 is forced.  Well at least if he takes my bishop now, his pawn will be attacking my queen, but I can  still see there are a lot of safe squares for her to go.  Bishop g4.  Still denying my bishop.  Again, 60%.  Queen takes b7 is kinda forced.  Well at least he won't take my bishop now, right?  Knight a6.  2.  Finally.  Bishop takes a6.  Oh, wait.  Maybe I shouldn't have done that, because rook d8 is very much likely going to win my  queen.  After ignoring my bishop for 3 moves, he loses a piece, and now he resigns.  But anyway.  Mission, accomplished.  [Outro] 