 If the same piece or pawn captures twice, the video ends.  Easy. We get a 100 rated from Japan.  Ha, this guy must be my first Japanese opponent on this channel.  The plan is simple. If something captures once, that thing dies.  E4. E5. Still theory.  No more theory. Knight F6. Rook H3. Very aggressive.  D5. Knight F3. That blunders a rook, and nah since my bishop has already captured a piece,  it cannot capture anything, anymore. G takes H3. Taking his pawn in any way will just provoke  knight take C5, which will make his knight become a threat to the video. Therefore, bishop D6.  Knight C3. Aha! D4. I mean taking his pawn was supposed to be the best move,  but only if I can continue to take more pawns with that pawn,  which is obviously, not the way this mission works.  Knight E2. Knight takes E4. Now I have to be careful, because my knight cannot capture anymore.  Knight takes E5. That knight also must not capture anything else, and funnily enough,  it's actually free. Knight takes D4. Aha! That also blunders another knight,  but since my bishop has already captured once, I'll have to go with, queen takes D4.  Bishop B5 check. That blunders a bishop, C6, now he'll have to defend the checkmate threat,  and let me take that bishop for free. Or just blunders his king instead.  But since my queen has already captured once, that actually breaks the rules.  You know what, I'm gonna respect the rules, since I think that this game is actually going  well in my direction. Knight D7. By the way, he also blundered his bishop the same time he  blundered his king. But of course, taking it also breaks the rules. H5. That blunders the king again,  but still, knight F6. H6. Very aggressive. G6. I don't want to take anything, because I have  to remember every pieces and pawns that already captured, so one more capture means one more thing  I'll have to remember. H4. So we're going 2 pawns 1 file here. But anyway. Knight D5. I'm trying to  set up a cool checkmate with this new knight right here. H5. Aha! If you can remember, that pawn  actually captured my bishop in the very beginning of the game. Therefore, G5. As long as nothing  crazy happens, you cannot end my video. Aha! Finally. Now queen F2 is checkmate in 1, without  breaking the rules. But actually, I've already gone this far with my second knight, so let's just  continue with my own plan, and go for a better checkmate instead. Knight F4. And if you're already  watching this long into the video, I just want to say that I actually have another channel,  featuring some very random games I find on the internet, so please feel free to check it out at  any time you want. F takes E4. Queen to G1. Checkmate. Mission accomplished.  [Music] 