 If a piece, not porn, dies, I draw that piece. I actually got this challenge from a discord  channel's member, but it seems that for some reason, he deleted his message.  But anyway, we get a 157 from the US. The plan, is, simple. All I have to do,  is to win this game, without losing any pieces, or capturing any pieces.  E4. Pushing pawns should be good, since there's no problem if they die.  A5. The huare defense. D4. Rook A6. That blunders a rook. But of course, I cannot take it. Knight F3.  E5. That still blunders that rook, but sadly, I'll take this pawn. Bishop before check. Very aggressive.  C3. Bishop C5. Bishop F4. I mean that was a weird move, but who cares anyway.  Rook D6. Well, I mean, at least you did move the rook away from my bishop.  Queen C2. C6. Man, at this point, I'm pretty sure that this guy just hates his A-file rook for some reason,  since it's only move 7, and that rook has been blundered, 6 times. But anyway, bishop E3 looks  very natural, but I have a big feeling that he's just gonna sacrifice his rook for my bishop.  Therefore, A4. Preventing B5 after bishop C4. Queen B6. Bishop C4. H5. Okay let's start an attack.  Knight G5. Rook H6. Now do I take with the horsey, or do I take with the bishop? I'll go with the horsey.  Rook HG6. Castle. King E7. Oh he's joining in the fun. Bishop G5 check. Now I'm pretty sure the engine  wants him to take my bishop with his rook. But I mean, it doesn't seem very obvious to a 100 rated, right?  Exactly. H4. Ah, finally, moved away from my pawn, but once again, that still doesn't solve the problem.  But now, with that rook blocking the way, my knight's stuck. Are you serious? Knight H8.  Rook takes E5. Yeah, that's good. That blunders this rook, this knight, and probably a lot of  other things as well if I really start to capture. But of course, knight D2. All I can do, is to bring  more pieces towards his king. Knight A6. Wow. I actually a bit regretted for leaving my bishop  on G5 for him to sacrifice, but apparently he then decided that he doesn't hate his A-file rook anymore.  Alright then, I won't retreat my bishop anymore. Knight F3.  [Music]  Yeah, that looks pretty similar.  [Music] 