 100 rated chess.  But I play atomic chess.  For those of you who don't know about atomic chess,  it's actually very simple.  If a capture happens,  every pieces around that capture  dies,  except for the pawns.  So pawns are like  cockroaches.  In an atomic explosion,  the humans die,  like cockroaches live.  Except,  if a pawn captures something,  it dies too,  because the explosion is too strong in its center.  And yes,  you're right.  A piece, or a pawn,  can only capture  once.  Just like condoms,  you only use those once.  And with that out of the way,  let's find an opponent.  We get a 6-63 from Vietnam.  Oh no.  This is going to be boring,  since my opponent is actually a little bit too high rated.  But anyway.  E4.  D5.  Ah ha.  Just as I was trying to do a mission that is related to capturing,  he gave me a capture from move 1.  Alright then.  E takes D5.  According to the atomic chess rules,  this pawn is also dead.  Like, I can still see it right there,  but I will pretend that it's not there,  and will never move it,  even if he doesn't take it.  Qd5.  Well, I should have said it as Qxd5,  but since I'm pretending that my pawn was already dead to the atomic explosion,  I have to say it as  Qd5.  Therefore,  very aggressive.  He puts his queen in the middle of the board for no reason at all,  because there was no pawn on D5 for him to capture,  and yet he still put it there.  Nc3.  Of course Qxd2 explodes the king away,  which ends this video.  But let's be real.  There's no way he's going to do that.  Right?  Qe6 check.  Be2.  Of course Qxe2 also explodes the king,  but there's no way a 600-rated player is going to do that.  Right?  c5.  Very aggressive.  Nf3.  Bd7.  Ah ha!  He follows up a very aggressive move,  with a not very aggressive move,  which makes him  neutral.  K.  a6.  Again,  not very aggressive.  Rhe1.  Bb5.  That blunders a queen.  Bxb5,  not check,  because,  according to the atomic rules,  my bishop is now dead.  So even though the game is actually making my bishop checking his king,  it's actually not.  A pawn moves diagonally to b5.  Well,  I should have said that as  a takes b5.  But since I'm pretending that there was no bishop on b5,  I have to say it as  a pawn magically moved from a6 to b5.  But anyway,  rook takes e6.  And once again,  even if he doesn't take the rook back,  I will still consider it  dead.  And he resigned.  Mission  accomplished.  [music] 