 Last time when I make this video, a lot of you guys were mad that I just decided to end the video, instead of keep on playing down a queen.  So today, I'll do it again, and this time, I'll keep on playing, no matter what happens.  100 rated chess, but I take, when I can.  Let's go.  We get a 2 or 4 from Israel.  E4.  Ah ha. Last time I played E5, and then when H4 comes, I ragequit, since I have to lose my queen, for just a flank pawn.  I mean a flank pawn is not even a real pawn, it can only capture one way, since the other way is going outside of the board.  So it's more like half a pawn, which is pretty much the most useless piece of trash on the chess board.  Therefore, H5.  Nothing can be wrong with this move.  And in fact, I actually spent like 10 minutes in real life, trying to analyze all of the situations that can happen in the early game,  which then led to a conclusion, that H5 has to be the best move.  Knight C3.  A6.  Trust me, nothing can go wrong with this move also.  Knight F3.  Knight H6.  Well, since knight F6 may get forced to take on E4, which blunders a knight, and I'm not pushing my E4 neither,  so this is pretty much the only spot for my knight to stand.  And believe it or not, this is actually still in my preparation.  Knight E5.  Very aggressive.  Now it's officially out of my prep, I have to play it a bit more seriously.  D6.  I didn't push E6 earlier, because I was worrying that after E5, I'll have to take, which opens up my queen,  which forces queen takes D2 next, but now there is a knight on E5, I think it's worth a shot at taking some center space.  Knight C4.  Knight D7.  Now even if he pushes E5, I can just take the pawn, and my queen is not opened up anymore.  Queen takes H5.  It's fine, losing a pawn in such a difficult challenge is nothing much.  E5 now once again becomes a threat.  Therefore, B5.  Knight A5.  Very aggressive.  G6.  Nothing can go wrong with pushing a pawn.  Queen H3.  OK.  OK.  Here comes a big chance of winning his queen.  Knight E5.  That is a very risky move, so if he doesn't blunder his queen, I think I'll have to move my knight back for safety reasons.  B4.  Yes.  Bishop takes H3.  Wow.  I actually can't believe that this is going way better than the last video.  And the best part is, there's a chance that he will just resign.  Right.  Now.  Knight B7.  Wait what?  That blunders another piece.  But since bishop takes G2 is forced, I'm actually losing my queen instead.  Are you serious?  Alright.  It's fine.  Bishop takes G2 is forced.  Knight takes D8.  I'll take the rook.  And now the worst part is he can just take his knight out, but I have to sack my bishop on E4.  Nevermind.  Rook takes D8.  On second thought, maybe I should have taken it with my king.  Knight D5.  Yeah, I really should have taken with king.  But anyway, bishop takes E4 is kinda forced.  This way after he takes back with his D pawn, I won't have to let my knight die anymore.  D takes.  Yes.  King D7.  I mean the king should have some fun too.  Right guys?  Bishop H3 check.  E6.  Knight F4.  Knight F3 check.  King E2.  Perfect.  Knight G1 check.  Who cares about the free pawn anyway.  Trading down pieces is better, since I'm up a lot of material.  King F1.  Knight takes H3.  Knight takes.  Knight F5.  Keep trade down too.  Oh wait I blundered.  Now if he moves his knight away, I'll have to take this pawn, which leads to this pawn next, and I'll lose my rook.  Yeah.  My bad.  I was so excited that victory is already very close by.  Rook takes H2 is forced.  Alright.  It's fine.  Even though I'll lose my rook, I believe that I can still win, if I can make good use of my king.  Because you know, the anti-chess rules actually don't work on my king, since he cannot take anything that is defended.  King G1.  Oh he still didn't take my knight.  Rook takes F2 is forced.  King takes F2.  Knight E7.  Still equal in pieces, still good situation for me.  Bishop E3.  Bishop G7.  E5.  I'll take with bishop.  Even better, now I can trade down another piece.  Or win a full rook.  And he resigned.  Wow.  I can't believe that I did that.  Mission accomplished.  [Music] 