 100 rated chess, but you don't check until your opponent has castled, and you don't checkmate until all of their pieces are captured.  Okay that is very confusing. Let me read that once again.  Ah, okay. I understand now. In short, this guy just wants me to have a long video.  Ha! That's all good for me. We get a 1 1 2 from the US.  Man I really need to learn all of these fancy openings.  Okay so according to the challenge, my opponent is supposed to castle his king as soon as possible, but at this rate, it doesn't seem like he wants to castle kingside.  But anyway, that blunders a pawn.  Oh, wait. I think I have a great idea.  Bishop e2. And would you look at that. Bishop e2, is brilliant.  Now he should be able to see, that taking my bishop is blundering. Bishop takes h5, rook takes h5 is forced, queen takes h5 checkmate, and even though technically I am not allowed to do that according to the challenge.  But you know, that move looks cool.  Yeah he saw the trap. Now taking the pawn should be the best move, but once again, the challenge prevents me from doing that.  Therefore, I'll pull my bishop back.  Bishop h6. Hell yeah I'll take it, because after he takes with knight, his king will be readied for castling.  Except if he takes with rook and absolutely destroys his castling rights.  Alright. It's fine. Knight f3. At least he still has one way to castle, and if he sees I developed my piece, he'll want to develop his pieces. Right?  Maybe not. I'll take that pawn.  Okay now you have to develop a piece.  Well that is also a piece, but I would love to see you develop the other side too.  Castle.  And for some reason he decided to pull his rook back.  Knight e5. Now please push d6 to open up your bishop, or just develop your knight for a knight trade.  Okay, that also works. Knight c3.  Oh no please stop moving your rook. Look at this, that rook went from h8, to h6, then back to h8, now slides to g8.  Bishop f3. I'm just making random moves right now, since I can't attack him when his king hasn't castled yet, and I'm down more than 1 minute, just for being confused.  Rook g7.  I don't even know what's happening anymore.  Knight e2. I mean I'm just making random moves now, since developing the queen or the rooks is meaningless, until I'm allowed to attack his king.  Ha! I guess that's better, since I don't have to suffer anymore.  But anyway.  What the f-  [outro music] 