 100 rated chess. But I have to predict my opponent's move.  I have two predictions.  Dude. I mean, two is too few. I'll make it. Four.  And don't you dare say that I'm a coward in the comments section.  Anyway, the reason I'm playing chess against 100 rated players, is because we can never predict what is going to happen.  And then there comes this guy, who wants me, to do the opposite thing.  There's no way this video can last over 3 minutes.  But anyway, let's find an opponent.  [Music]  We get a 180 from the US.  Okay. You know what? I'm not going to guess the first move.  Because let's be real here, how am I supposed to know which opening he's playing, right?  E. E4.  Once again, I'm passing on the first move.  And once again, I'm not a coward.  G6.  Ha! You see? If I was guessing the first move, there's no way I would pick G6 as one of my choices.  D4.  Since he played G6 first, I think he's some sort of a King's Indian player.  Therefore, I'm guessing, Bg7, D6, Nf6, or Nc6.  Nf6.  Yes.  E? No. That is a bit too risky.  Because if I play E5, he will most likely be going to move his knight again,  and since there are 4 safe squares for his knight,  I'll have to take all of those 4 guesses, which may lead to a failed mission, if he blunders it instead.  So I guess, Nc3.  I'm guessing, Bg7, Nc6, D6, or even E6.  Nc6.  Yes.  Now D5 looks really good, because it forces knight back to B8, or if knight B4, A3, Na6, and his knight is on the rim.  But of course, there is no way I can know, whether he's going to blunder knight E5 or not,  and if I'm taking guesses, I don't want to waste my chances on a move, that is a blunder.  So I guess, Nf3.  I'm guessing, Bg7, D6, E6, or B6.  And dude, there is no way this move is a failure, because there is literally nothing else that he can do.  E6.  Yeah, that's not a good move, but it's still in my radar.  Bg5.  I'm about to go E5 next, therefore, I'm guessing, Be7, or H6,  because he should be able to see, that all the other choices, are simply blundering a piece.  The other 2 choices are maybe, D6, and Bg7.  Those are bad, but you know, I need to maximize my chances.  [pop]  What the f-  [outro music] 