 100 rated chess, but you can only move diagonally.  Knights are fine.  Also, I cannot make any sacrifices.  Because if I just let my knights die to open up the way for the other pieces,  the mission may become a bit too easy.  And with that out of the way, let's start the game.  We get a 257 from the US.  E4.  Well, I don't have many choices anyway.  Knight C6.  D4.  Very aggressive.  Knight F6.  E5.  Again, very aggressive.  Leaving the knight to death can open up the way for my queen and bishop to move,  but of course, that is against the rules.  Therefore, knight back to G8.  Bishop B5.  Very aggressive.  But actually, if he takes my knight with his bishop,  I can open up the way for my bishop to go out.  Therefore, knight H6.  Bishop takes C6.  That should be good.  But the question is, which way should I take his bishop?  If I take it with my B-pawn, then after bishop A6,  a simple move like B3 will absolutely kill my bishop's activity.  But if I go with my D-pawn, my king will be exposed to more danger,  because my queen is still not able to move yet.  Alright. I think I need to take the risk.  D takes C6.  Because not only do I open up the way for my bishop,  my king can also join in the fun too.  #KingsFunMatters  C4.  Man, this guy is really aggressive.  Bishop E6.  Knight A3.  Knight F5.  Bishop E3.  Ah ha! Very funny.  He's basically telling me to go knight H4, G3, knight G to check,  king E2, knight takes E3, king takes E3 going for the hyper-bonk-cloud opening.  Well, if this were a normal game, I would do it for sure.  But sadly, for this video, if I let my knight die like that,  I will only have a bishop to play with.  And king.  Knight H6.  D5.  That blunders a pawn.  C takes D5.  Bishop takes D5.  Of course queen takes D5 is winning a bishop since I cannot take back.  But of course, no one plays like that. Right?  My god that scares me to death.  But anyway.  That blunders a rook.  But sadly, if I go for his rook,  queen takes D8 is actually forcing king takes D8,  which is not a diagonal move,  which makes me a fool for ending my own video.  Also, it looks like that he wants to go E6,  bishop takes H6, G takes H6, and queen takes H8.  Therefore, knight F5.  It's actually pretty scary that my bishop is hard-pinned here in the middle of the board.  Queen A4 check.  Ah ha!  Just as I was worrying about my bishop being pinned,  he unpinned it immediately.  Bishop C6 is kinda forced.  Queen back to D1.  Nope.  No queen trade here.  Bishop D7.  Queen D3.  Knight back to H6.  I don't have many choices anyway.  Long castle.  Ah!  This is becoming a bit scary.  Now queen takes D7 is ending the mission immediately.  But since it's actually blundering a rook for bishop exchange,  let's just hope that he won't do it.  Knight F5 knight F3 knight H6 queen D5 knight F5 knight G5  Oh wait wait wait.  Let's not blunder checkmate in 1.  Knight H6.  Knight E4.  Knight F5 bishop G5 knight H6 bishop takes H6 G takes H6 and I win on time.  Well, I guess everyone understands this,  but I still have to say it out,  that the times when I speed up the moves are the times when I was only repeating my moves,  and speeding up is to avoid the boringness in the video.  But anyway.  Mission accomplished.  [Music] 