 If my opponent is not a smurf, the video ends.  In case you don't know, there are actually a ton of smurfs in the 100 rated elo, and  when I make videos, I always just delete those records that I get a smurf opponent.  And with that out of the way, let's start the game.  We get a 100 rated smurf from the US.  Yeah, not just being a smurf, he really got his elo to the lowest point like I did.  E4.  Yes, the best opening move, definitely suitable for a game between 2 smurfs.  E5.  Queen H5.  Ah, since he's a smurf, and he doesn't know that I'm also a smurf, he's obviously wanting  to win this game fast, and also trying to teach a 100 rated like me about the 4 move  checkmate.  Nc6.  Sadly, I'm not interested in being checkmated.  Nc3.  Ah ha, since he saw that I defended my pawn, he immediately realized that his opponent  has already known about the 4 move checkmate, so he changed his playstyle to another thing,  but still very carefully kept the way open for his queen to come back.  Nf6.  Nd5.  Ah ha, since he's a smurf, he wants to give a 100 rated like me some material advantage,  so that the game is fairer.  Well, I'll take it then.  I'd better take all the advantages that he gives me, before he decides to play seriously.  Nf3.  Ah ha, here comes the serious smurf.  Bc5.  Bc4.  Alright I'm scared.  Castle.  Ng5.  Ah ha, he's probably calculating, that after I take his knight, he can play d4, which is  a double attack on my queen and my bishop, so he will at least win back a piece, but  will also have a chance to straight up winning my queen.  But sadly, after I take his knight, he's missing that I can also take his pawn on g2, which  will then threaten to win his rook.  Therefore, queen takes g5, even though that knight move was a blunder, I strongly believe  that he's a smurf, and his rating is about 1000 rating points.  Castle.  Yes, you see?  Right after I took his knight, he realized that he's made a mistake, and immediately  castled to defend his g-pawn, instead of continuing on his previous plan.  Nf4.  It's too hard to defend my c-pawn, so I want to force a knight trade instead.  Yeah, he's not a smurf.  I'm a smurf.  Bye.  (upbeat music) 