 100 rated chess, but you can only capture if your opponent blunders.  Well, normally, I don't take on missions that are too easy to accomplish,  but of course, I can't argue with money.  Therefore, let's find an opponent.  We get a 229 from Vietnam.  And to be fair, I will be the one to judge whether a move is a blunder or not,  because I cannot use stockfish during the game.  E4.  E5.  Still theory.  And since this mission is so easy according to my thinking, let's make it a bit harder.  King E2.  And I will not pull my king back, since I'm a real man, and not a coward.  D6.  Not very aggressive.  Knight C3.  Bishop G4 check.  Very aggressive.  Just as I was saying that he's not very aggressive, he gave me a really aggressive move,  which makes him neutral.  But anyway, knight F3 looks pretty attractive, because after bishop takes F3,  G takes F3 opens the way to develop my bishop.  But sadly, after bishop takes F3, I cannot take back because it's just a trade,  and not a blunder.  Therefore, F3 is kinda forced.  Queen H4.  That blunder's a bishop.  Queen takes G4 check.  Now king E1 should be the best move, but as I said, a real man don't pull his king back.  And even if I do pull it back, queen takes D1 is actually winning my queen,  because since it's not a blunder, I cannot take his queen back.  Therefore, knight F3 is kinda forced.  D5.  That blunder's a pawn.  I know a lot of people are going to say, that since he can also take my pawn back,  it's actually just a pawn trade, not a blunder.  But no.  From my point of view, that was him blundering his D pawn, and then me blundering my E pawn back.  Therefore, taking his D pawn, is not against the rules.  Queen takes E4 check.  Knight E3 is kinda forced.  Queen C6.  Ah ha!  Very tricky.  He's probably thinking that after knight takes E5, queen B5 check,  knight D3, queen H5 check will skew my king and queen, which will help him take my queen,  and then I cannot take back due to the mission.  But sadly, that doesn't work.  Knight takes E5.  Queen B5 check.  This guy's really good, he saw all of those things I've just shown you guys.  Knight D3.  Queen H5 check.  Yeah, he really did see all of those moves.  But sadly, I do have  G4.  Queen G5.  Bishop G2.  Bishop C5.  That blunders a rook.  Bishop takes B7.  And he resigned.  Mission, accomplished.  [music] 