 If none of my pieces and pawns are attacked, the video ends.  Playing 3 minute splits on a 100 rated account.  Let's go. We get a 137 from Mexico.  Of course none of my pieces and pawns are attacked on my first move,  so in order for it to be fair, let's delay the challenge to move to  E4, E5. Ok, now the challenge starts.  D4. Of course I need to give him something to attack.  E takes D4. C3. D takes.  So if I just continue with theory and play Bishop C4, after C takes B2,  Bishop takes will end the video, since none of my pieces are attacked anymore at that point.  Therefore, H4. With this pawn push, even after I take this pawn out,  he will still have his queen attacking my H-pawn.  C takes B2. Bishop takes. Ok. Now comes the moment of truth.  If he plays Knight F6, then even though it blocks his queen from seeing my H-pawn,  his knight will then attack my E-pawn, but if he plays Knight E7, or even better, King D7,  the video ends.  Knight F6. Thank you. Let's gambit another pawn. Bishop C4.  Knight takes E4. Yes. Not only he opened up the way for his queen to attack my H-pawn,  but his knight also has a new target is my F-pawn.  Queen D5. Now please don't see anything and lose.  And in no world do you play Knight G5 now.  Why is he thinking for so long?  Bishop before check. King F1 is kinda forced.  Queen takes H4. That blunders a queen. But should I even take it, though?  Because after I take his queen, my rook will be attacking his knight, which may cause his knight to move,  and a move like Knight G5 or Knight C5 will end the video.  Well, I guess I can just check his king first. Queen takes F7, check.  King D8 is forced. Again, do I take his queen?  I mean now if I take his queen, my rook will still attack his knight like before,  but he can choose to play rook F8, which counterattacks my queen.  Nah. I think that's still too risky. Bishop takes G7. Oh no my rook.  Queen takes H1. That blunders a king. Wow! I can't believe a woman can just leave her husband to death,  and go inside another man's house like that. Bishop F6 check.  Knight takes F6. Queen takes F6 check.  Bishop E7. That blunders the king even faster.  By the way, for those of you guys who can't see it, instead for bishop block, if he went king E8,  I would have had bishop F7 check, king F8 is forced, bishop G6 check, king G8 is forced, queen F7 checkmate.  But anyway, in this situation, it's much easier. Queen takes H8 check.  Bishop F8 is forced. Queen takes F8 checkmate.  Mission accomplished.  [Music] 