 100 rated chess, but I can only make 3 best moves.  Ah ha! I see what you're trying to do here, Deja Wellner.  He's trying to make me end my own video.  Okay then. Let me show you that I know Stockfish like the back of my ex-girlfriend.  Therefore, let's even change it to...  1. If I ever make a best move, the video ends.  And with that out of the way, let's find an opponent.  We get a 1 1 6 from... from... somewhere in the world.  So in order to complete this mission, I think I should stay in theory as long as possible.  And right at the moment I want to play theoretically, he gave me the Vant Kroeges opening, which I don't even know anything about.  E5. Stockfish?  Ah, it's still a book move.  Qh5. Nc6 should be the best move, so let's totally ignore that.  And even though I want to play Nf6 to gambit the pawn, but after Qxe5, Be7 should be a best move, which is bad for the video.  Therefore, d6. Stockfish?  Of course.  Qb2 d1. Fun fact, that Qb2 d1 is actually a best move according to Stockfish.  But of course, that doesn't have anything to do with my video.  So now, Nf6, Nc6, Be6, Bf5, are all good moves, and have some big chances to be the best moves.  Therefore, Be7. There is no way developing a bad bishop by moving it one square can be a best move, right?  Yes.  Bb5 check. Ah ha! Very tricky.  Now c6 should be the best move, so we won't play that, and if I play Nc6, then after Bxc6, Bxc6 is also a best move, which is also bad for the video.  Therefore, Be7. Stockfish?  Of course.  And furthermore, if he goes Bxc7, I'll go Kxc7, and there is no way that is a best move.  So he choose to keep the tension.  Now c6 is once again the best move, so I can also just keep the tension like this.  But to be honest, I don't really like to play Kxd7.  So I guess, Nc6.  And again, I'm not a coward, this is for the video's sake.  Stockfish?  As I predicted.  Bxc6. Bxc6 should be the best move, therefore, Bxc6.  Stockfish?  Perfection.  Nf3. Ah ha! Now e4 is obviously the best move, therefore, Nf6. Such an amazing chance to develop my knight.  Stockfish?  Yes. I was so worried that this can also be a best move, but I think Stockfish is trying to be a good friend of mine today.  Ng5. Ah ha!  Now castle should be the best move, or maybe even Bg4, activating a bishop with a tempo on attacking a queen.  Therefore, h6. There is no way moving a flank pawn one square can be a best move, right my good friend Stockfish?  What the f-  [Outro] 