 100 rated chess, but for every bad move your opponent makes, you need to match with an  equally bad move. Or worse. This is one of those challenges where my opponent can actually win by  checkmating me. But of course, I'm not a coward. E4, the plan is very simple. Pray that my opponent  doesn't blunder, because if he doesn't blunder, then the mission basically doesn't even exist.  E5. Still theory, and as far as I can see, theory, is not blunder. D4. D5. I'll take this pawn.  Knight A6. Aha, so technically speaking, that was a really bad move because it blunders a pawn and  gives me a very big center. But in my point of view, that is just a gambit, so it is actually  his tactical opening plan, and definitely not a blunder. Therefore, I'll take that pawn. Knight  B4. Very aggressive. Knight C3. In no world do you take my pawn right now. Nevermind. That blunders  a horsey, but as the challenge suggests, I cannot take this knight, and instead, I have to blunder  a piece back. This video is going very wrong very quickly. Knight takes C3. Dude, after blundering a  horsey, somehow he decided to make the best move to capture my knight, so that he'll have a double  attack on my queen and my bishop. Queen takes D8 King takes D8 Bishop G5 check King E8 E takes C3.  Alright I mean it's still fine, but now I've lost my queen, it'll be hard to finish this game fast  enough before he destroys it with the absurd challenge rules. F6. I'll take that pawn, that  was not a bad move, because it creates a tempo to help him develop his knight. Well, maybe he changed  his mind. Bishop H4 H5 long castle C5 very aggressive bishop C4. Alright, now just go F5  and blunder checkmate in 1. Of course it doesn't happen. F3. Man somehow I have a feeling that  something bad is about to happen. And it happened. That blunders a bishop to bishop B5 F takes G4,  or even if bishop blocks I can still take it. But once again, I cannot take it due to the rules,  and I also have to blunder a bishop back. This is getting very annoying. King takes F7.  F takes G4. F5. Aha, that blunders a pawn, but as I mentioned before, blundering a pawn is actually  just a gambit, which is a very high-level tactic. Therefore, I'll just take it. Bishop D6. Aha,  that blunders a bishop, but in my point of view, he's actually just sacrificing a bishop to prevent  rook D7 check for 1 move, so I actually don't have to blunder a piece back, but since I still think  that it is a pretty bad move, therefore, I'll blunder a pawn back. I mean you can say that I'm  cheating against the rules all you want, but according to Stockfish, his move was only a  mistake, and my move was actually a big blunder, because we all know that the G-pawn is a very  important guy on the chessboard, and he should not be blundered like this. Knight F6. Aha,  that blunders the bishop again, but since that already happened last move, it doesn't count in  this move anymore. Rook takes D6. Again, I'm definitely not cheating, this is 100% absolutely  fair. Knight G4 rook D7 king E8 rook E7 king F8 knight F3 king G8 knight G5 rook H6 knight E6 B4  very aggressive F6 rook C8 F7 king H7 F pawn changes gender king G6 is forced, and in this  position, there is queen F7 checkmate in 1, knight F4 checkmate in 1, rook G7 checkmate in 1, but  sadly, I cannot blunder a checkmate in 1 back to fulfill the challenge rules. Therefore, I have to  end the video here. 