 100 rated chess, but your opponent is a grandmaster. You cannot touch his pieces,  not pawns, because you're a coward and scared of him. Okay the first thing is, I am 100% not a  coward, and the second thing is that I suppose we only consider these 4 squares are actually  touching a piece, because if all 8 squares are chosen, the challenge will become way too difficult.  And again, I'm not a coward, we get a 2 46 from Saudi Arabia. E4, pushing a pawn is pretty risky  because he can move a piece to touch my pawn and I cannot move the pawn away to avoid it,  but to prove that I'm not a coward, such risky play is definitely necessary. E5. D4. Queen F6.  Aha, D take C5 will only provoke him to take back, which makes Edward touches his queen, and even  though Edward seems to like it a lot, I have to ignore him for the video's sake. Knight F3. I mean  queen F4 ends the video, but since it obviously blunders a queen, there's no way he'll play that  move, right? No doubt. C3. Bishop D6. Dude, if you look at the situation, you can actually see  that I cannot take this pawn with my pawn, I cannot take this pawn with my knight, I cannot  attack his queen, I cannot push this pawn, I literally cannot do anything. Knight D2 then,  I mean there is no reason to play a move like queen F4, so I guess I'm not gonna worry about  it anymore. E takes D4. C takes D4. Knight E7. Aha, that blunders a fork, in no world do you  move your queen here instead of making a desperado. Thank you. D takes E5. Okay, now there are like  2000 different queen moves, so please just don't take one of the only 2 moves that can end the  video, and to be honest, if you can just blunder your queen right here, that will be very convenient.  Okay, that is absolutely fine. Bishop E2, let's just play as safe as possible.  F6. I'll take it, if he plays king F7 just to end my video right here,  I'm down to just never play chess again.  Ha, always have faith in the 100 rated players. Castle. Queen D5. Very aggressive. Rook E1,  just please don't take anything crazy. Rook G8. Aha, he is obviously trying to attack my king,  therefore, bishop C4. I'm skewering his queen and his rook, and since he has such a great idea to  attack my king, he should obviously go queen C6 or queen H5 to continue attacking my king instead  of a random move like queen C5 which has no use at all beside ending my video. Right?  *Pause*  What the f-  *Outro* 