 100 rated chess, but you are a coward, which I am not. You cannot attack pieces with higher value.  If a higher value piece attacks your pieces, or pawns, they cannot move. Sounds very challenging,  but of course, definitely doable. E4. By the way, only for this video, let's just say,  that king, is 3.5. E5. So normally I would be playing D4 here to open up the position,  but since his queen is attacking my D pawn here, bishop C4 instead. For the challenging purpose,  let's assume that his pieces can attack through all of the pieces. Knight F6 knight C3 knight C6  knight F3 D5 aha. I want to take with my pawn, but since my pawn is being attacked by his knight,  which means it cannot move, so I guess, I'll take with horsey. Bishop E6. Taking this knight is  amazing, but since my knight is being attacked by his queen, it also cannot move. Castle. Bishop D5  bishop D5 knight D5 E D5 queen D5. Aha. Now the challenge truly begins. Rook E1. I guess this  pawn can never be moved in this entire game. Knight E4. Aha. That blunders a queen to rook  takes E5 royal 4 queen takes E5 knight takes E5, but do I even take it though? Because if he doesn't  take my rook, I actually can not take his queen according to the rules because the woman would  be attacking my rook. Well, as always, I'm not a coward. I mean my rook is literally right next  to his queen. Nevermind. Now it's me who has to defend my rook. In no world do you take this  pawn and say that you're forking me here. F6. That still blunders the queen, but I don't even want to  talk about it. C4. Well at least if he takes this pawn, I can move my rook away. Or not. B3. I don't  know, just a random move, I don't know what to do anymore. And somehow that random move worked.  I still cannot take his queen because my pawn is also being attacked. Rook back to E3. Knight takes  B3. I can take that. Queen A6. Aha. Finally. David can move. King D8. Not very aggressive.  Bishop G5. Let's sacrifice this bishop to create a chance at a quick checkmate. FG5 knight G5  bishop E7 knight E6 king D7 D5 queen A5 aha. After all this time, that blunders a queen. Ha,  I guess we can already predict the result of this video. B6 queen B5 king D6 rook E3 queen C6.  Checkmate. Mission accomplished.  [Music] 