 100 rated chess, but your king always has to be in the opponent's territory.  Open parenthesis, the other 4 ranks, close parenthesis.  I normally don't take on impossible challenges, but I'm kinda feeling lucky today.  So you know, maybe something good can happen.  We get a 129 from the US.  For those of you who couldn't understand the challenge, it basically requires me to  move my king into this area, and then continue to maintain the king over there.  Which is really hard.  E4.  Still theory.  E5.  To make things absolutely fair, I will not move anything else until my king can reach the area.  Bishop's E4.  Here we go.  King E7.  Testosterone.  I solemnly swear, that this guy is not a paid actor.  How about this?  King D6.  I bet he doesn't have the guts to continue.  Guys, please trust me.  This is not a paid actor.  But anyway.  King C5.  Get rekt you motherf**ker, you cannot further advance your king, no matter how much you want to do so.  Ha!  I can see the desperation in that move.  King B4.  Alright, now that my king is in his territory, I can finally play the game normally, as long  as he doesn't attack the king.  Nevermind.  King C5.  It's fine though, I'm predicting queen A4 will happen, and even though it may take a  while, I will move my king all the way to the other side, which should be really good  because his queen is too far away to attack me.  Ha!  Exactly as planned.  King D6.  Knight F3.  I'm sorry Edward, I have no choice but to sacrifice you for the video.  King E7.  Knight takes Edward.  King F6.  If he's nice enough, he will let me take his knight to avenge Edward's death.  Of course it doesn't happen.  King G5.  Alright, just one more move, and we go all out.  Knight E5.  That move is weird, because in case you didn't notice, he actually missed the fork a few  moves before, so I'm pretty sure there is no way he's seeing it this time.  King F4.  Ha!  It's all over now.  Wait what?  When I say it's over now, I totally did not mean it this way.  But anyway.  Mission accomplished.  Mission accomplished.  [Music] 