 100 rated chess, and you live in an absolute theocracy.  Your bishops live, enemy bishops die.  Disclaimer, this video means no harm to any living being in this world, everyone deserves  to live and this is only for entertainment purposes.  Maybe that was a bit too careful from me for making that disclaim, but you know what they  say, better be safe than pregnant.  We get a 1 1 8 from Italy.  E4. This challenge is too easy, I dare to say this will be the most obvious victory  in this entire channel.  D5. I'll take.  It's not a very good idea to let his queen move around freely as there is a very big  chance he's just gonna blunder her and immediately resign after that.  But of course.  No disrespect.  Queen takes.  Knight c3.  Queen e5 check.  Bishop blocks.  I mean if he takes my bishop, the video ends.  But who plays like that anyway?  Right?  No doubt.  D4.  I mean you cannot take my bishop, but of course you can take this pawn.  Of course it doesn't happen.  Knight f3.  Knight f6.  It's very annoying that he is blocking his own bishops from going out, which increases  the difficulty of the challenge.  So I guess.  Knight b5.  Queen b4 check.  Ah ha.  Now best move is bishop d2, but then he'll be forced to go queen e7, which actually even  further blocks his dark square bishop.  Therefore, c3 instead.  And then queen e7 regardless.  Bishop f4.  This game.  Will take a while.  Knight e4.  Very aggressive.  That blunders a fork.  King d7.  Dude.  I suddenly have a very nasty idea.  Knight e5 check.  King takes c7.  Ha!  That blunders a woman.  Knight g6.  Discovered check with a fork on his queen and his rook, which I guess you can call, a triple  attack.  E5.  I've just realized that even though that tactic looks fancy, it actually brought the video  to a very bad situation.  If I take this queen, there is a 50% chance the video ends, but if I take this pawn, he  can also sack his queen into my bishop, and we're not going to talk about knight takes  e5 because it makes me look like an a** for choosing this tactic.  I've made up my mind.  Bishop takes e5.  A lot of squares to move his king to, so the statistics are actually favoring me.  Well I actually saw that was coming, so there is no what the f*** today. 