 100 rated chess, but if there are more than 40 possible moves you can make...  The video ends.  I'm sure there are already some people saying that changing 27 to 40 is too much of a negotiation,  but please trust me, 40 is an absolutely fair number, and you will see the reason during  the game.  But anyway, for a challenge like this, I think I should be picking a longer time control  like 10 minutes, or even 15 minutes so that I can count the moves before making a decision.  But no, that is a coward act.  I will play 3 minute splits.  Let's go.  I will use my instinct and strategies to beat this challenge, without even needing to count  the moves.  We get a 1 56 from Peru.  With a very fat cat profile picture.  E4.  First move.  We have 16, plus 4, is 20 different moves.  Which is less than 40.  Knight C6.  Knight C3.  22.  Knight F6.  Please remember that even though there is a number right here showing how many different  moves there are, I did not have that during the game, so I'm literally playing the game  blindly and trying to be safe as much as possible.  Knight F3.  You see, just by developing the knights already brought the number to 24, so 27 was obviously  a bad idea.  But anyway.  Here comes the serious stuff.  D6.  The plan is simple.  All I have to do, is to trade down the pieces, and if there are only pawns and kings on the  board, the video can never end.  Bishop E2.  Bishop G4.  Castle.  Dude.  It's already at 35 when I've only developed a bishop.  But of course, I didn't know that during the game.  Let's trade it down real fast.  Perfect.  One down, a lot more to go.  Knight E5.  I mean it's right there for me to trade, so why not.  D4.  Thank you.  Queen takes.  Ah ha.  Since he got his queen out, this is a very good chance to trade down my queen.  E5.  I have to be careful though, because once I take my queen out, the video is immediately  put at risk.  D takes E5.  Taking back that pawn will open up this massive file for my queen and also this very long  diagonal for my bishop, and even though normally that is really good, it actually sucks for  this challenge.  Therefore, knight back to D7.  Let's just let him take that pawn and I'll develop my bishop first.  He takes D6.  I mean I should spend some time to count the squares after bishop takes D6.  But no, I don't have such luxury.  Bishop takes D6.  I have faith that I will not go over 40 squares.  Ha.  He even blocked down a square for me.  That blunders a pawn.  And even better, my bishop on D6 was seeing a long diagonal to his king, but when it's  over here, his knight has already blocked out such diagonal.  A pawn push.  Another trade.  Okay now please just see that your queen can go horizontally.  Perfect.  Castle.  Here's how I predict it will happen.  Bishop B2, queen F6, and 2 things can happen.  One is that he takes my queen immediately and I win this game.  Two is that he moves his queen away and my video is f***ed.  Ah ha.  Here we go.  Queen F6.  Man.  This is obviously a suicidal decision.  No.  Wait.  There is still a chance that it's not over 40 yet.  Let's count.  5 pawns is 10, knight is 14, king 15, each rook can move 4 squares, so it's 23.  And then there's the queen.  My goodness.  25, 27, 31, 34, 39, and 4.  *outro* 