 100 rated chess, but it's the multiverse. If a piece or pawn meets its enemy counterpart,  the video shatters. The word "meet" is a bit too unclear. I'll change it to "touches".  And let me add another rule. Sacrifices are not allowed. I'll explain it later.  We get a 176 from India. E4. E5 is making me a fool.  B6. Before we continue, let's just assume that my light bishop's counterpart is his dark bishop,  and my dark bishop's counterpart is his light bishop and not the other way around,  and if you want to ask why do I want to do that, am I doing that to make things easier for me?  Well, f*** you. Queen h5. Bishop b7. The plan is very simple. I take his Edward,  and my Edward won't have an enemy counterpart, which means I then can use my E pawn to destroy  his entire board. Unless he defends it. This is why I made the no sacrificing rule,  because if I just sac my bishop right now, I then can push my E pawn, and then use my E pawn to  take another pawn, and then use the pawn counterpart to take another thing, and so on.  This challenge will become way too easy, so it's not fair anymore.  Knight f6. Queen f5. G6. It's very funny that he can actually push g4 to defend his  queen because gf5 is ending the video. But who plays like that anyway?  There we go. Bishop g7. Queen d4. Ah ha, he's planning to push e5, which is very dangerous  as e6 ends the video. So I guess, I have to continue attacking. Queen c3. And then I cannot  attack anymore. Castle. It's fine, if he can just delay e5 for one move. Nevermind.  Ok knight e5. In no world do you push e6 right now.  Ok that wasn't e6, but it still blunders the woman.  This knight's counterpart is this knight, so there is nothing to be worried about.  Except for e6.  Absolutely. There is no optimal way for me to avoid e6, so even though this is really risky,  I have no other choices. G4 and e6 are ending the video. But he'll take for sure.  And even though the challenge said the video shatters, I'm too lazy to make the shatter effect  as it requires me to open up after effect and then make a completely separate video  just for this shattering section and put the two videos together.  I guess I'll just end the video right here.  [Music] 