 chess but. Well, I guess you mean, chess, but, you can only move pawns, until you are checked.  That is actually pretty easy, so let's combine it, with chess, but you have to move pawns 2  squares forward on their first move. And you know what? Still easy. We get a 1 54 from the US.  D4. D5, opening up my king's diagonal, because of course, I want to be checked.  Knight F3. And funny enough, there is still no piece that can check me.  B5. Now of course you will open up your bishop and go for my B pawn. Right?  Knight C3. No. This is not good. At this point, my B pawn will be taken by his knight, and I don't  want to lose a pawn for free like that. Therefore, B4. Knight B5. That blunders a horsey to A6,  because the knight is trapped, but sadly, I cannot move pawns 1 square at the beginning,  because of the rules. Therefore, F5. I'm opening up the other king's diagonal, which may provoke  him to push his E pawn, move his knight out, and play queen H5 check. Knight E5. Very aggressive.  But that's actually a good move, because now I have to be careful, since if queen H5 really happens,  my king cannot move anywhere, which means G6 is forced, which ends the video. But anyway. C5. I  mean I didn't have that many moves to think about, so I just moved a random pawn. D takes. G5. Not  gonna lie, this is getting kinda annoying, because I cannot do anything, and he literally has no  available checks after 6 moves already. Knight C6. That blunders a horsey. But I cannot take it,  due to the rules. Which means I'll lose my queen. E5. Here, just go back and take the pawn please.  Nevermind. And the worst thing is, I can't even take back to avenge my wife, because of the rules.  D4. Alright, it's fine, at least now he will definitely go knight C7 check to fork my rook,  which means I will finally be able to play the game. Or not. B takes C3, just fork me please.  B takes. Taking his B pawn is obviously not a good idea, therefore, A5. I'm running out of  pawn moves here. C takes D4. E4, keep the queen's file close, or my king will get f***ed real hard.  D5. Now queen D4 attacking the rook is the threat. Therefore, H5. I mean I still cannot move my rook  if he really plays it, but at least let's just hope that he thinks my rook can move.  Thank you. F4. Oh I blundered a pawn. My bad, but you know, what can I even do anyway.  E takes. G takes. Bishop takes. Oh wait, maybe that's good, because now the bishop also controls  C7, maybe it's finally time, that he can see knight C7 check. H4. Okay. Come on, I'm almost  out of pawn moves, so just give a check, and we go all out. Knight D6 check. Aha, finally,  not only he didn't see knight C7, he also gave me, a check. Bishop takes D6. I can still lose though,  I don't have much time left. C takes. Let's go fast. King takes D8. D7. It took him 42.3 seconds  to blunder a pawn. D6. Knight C6. I don't know if it's good or not, just need to move fast.  Queen B1. Knight F6, man that move looks real bad. Queen B7. Very aggressive. Rook B8.  Queen A6. Alright, the dirty flag move, rook B6. Pre-move this. Wait what? Oh he's trying to flag  me too? Rook B8 again. And he ran out of time. Mission accomplished.  [Music] 