 100 rated chess, but you have to offer a draw to your opponent every time you take a piece.  Or pawn. This is going to be short. We get a 1-15 from the US. Nice beard by the way.  E4. D5. Since I'll have to offer a draw every time I take something away from him,  the best plan is obviously to give him a decent amount of material advantage first,  so that he won't accept the draw every time he gets offered.  E takes D5. C6. I'm very sorry pawns, but you need to die for the video's sake.  D takes E6. E5. Another pawn sacrificed himself for the greater good.  This pawn has traveled far enough, I need to stop it right here.  Okay. Moment of truth. Draw offer. Yes. I mean even though my opponent lost his pawn,  he still has a gigantic 2 points of material advantage over me,  so there's no way he's accepting this offer, right?  Of course. But now the question is, do I take this pawn? In my opinion, the most optimal way  to win this challenge is to checkmate his king while trying our best to avoid capturing too many  materials, and taking his F pawn will definitely play a great role in our checkmating process.  But then he may accept the draw.  You know what? I'm not a coward. Draw offer. If it's a draw, I'll draw myself naked.  Ha! You wish. Bishop C5. Taking Edward is obviously a blunder, but he'll do it for sure.  Edward is dead. That blunders a rook.  G3. Now the best continuation is queen E7 check following with bishop takes H1 winning a rook.  But since I really need my queen for an early checkmate,  allowing queen E7 queen E2 forcing a women trade doesn't seem to be a good idea. So I guess,  I'll just sit here for a while and wait for him to realize his blunder and resign from the game.  Well, I guess that doesn't work. Bishop B5 check. Blocking with knight is creating a potential  trade, which means a potential draw. King F8. Knight E2 will be very convenient.  Sadly he's not a paid actor, or unpaid actor. G5. Before you jump into the comment section,  yes I'm blundering my bishop to knight E6 king E7 knight takes E5, but for god's sake,  he's gonna move his knight to E2 instead. Or he can just move a pawn. Queen D4. Everything  is hanging right now. And he chose to save the horsey. Woman F2. Checkmate. Mission accomplished.  [Music] 