 100 rated chess, but your pieces, not pawns, are lovebirds, if one piece dies, you must  force its partner to also die.  The movie of Titanic disagrees with this.  But anyway, I guess we can just assume that the same pieces are lovebirds, and the king  is obviously paired with the queen, which means if my queen dies, I'll have to let my  king be checkmated.  D4. Since the pawns are not affected by the challenge, it's absolutely fine to let them  die. And as usual, Edward dies first.  He's dead.  Knight C6. The plan is very simple. Since the challenge implies that I should not be  trading any pieces because each piece basically worth double the value they usually worth,  the England gambit will help me to only use my queen to cause all the damage in his territory.  Or he can just develop his queen first to stop me from developing my queen.  Knight B4. Alright, let's try to get his queen then.  Queen B5. Aha, that blunders a fork, but if I take his rook, big chance is that I will  also lose my knight, and then according to the rules, the other knight also has to die,  which means I'll be losing 2 horses for a rook, which is definitely not a good trade.  Therefore, A6, in no world do you take my horsey right here.  Are you serious? That blunders a woman, but as the challenge said, I have to sacrifice  the other horsey first. Alright, now take this horsey and blunder your queen again.  Sadly he's not a paid actor.  Knight E4. Queen takes E4. It's fine, it's not like I need those useless horses to win  this game anyway.  Bishop C5. Queen A4. Very aggressive.  B5. Queen A5. Bishop B7, this guy has only moved his queen this entire game and still  managed to absolutely destroy my position.  Nevermind.  A takes B5, 2 knights 2 pawns for a queen, it's not even that much profit.  Queen D2. Very aggressive.  Queen G5 check. I mean if he can just go back to E1 and blunder checkmate in 1, that will  be very convenient.  Of course it doesn't happen. In this position, there is a very easy and very obvious to see  checkmate in 9 for black, so if you're interested, please feel free to pause the video right  now and find the checkmate, while I keep on continuing this video because that is obviously  too easy for me to see.  Queen takes E5. To be clear, this move is not the correct checkmating move, it's just  because I'm avoiding spoiling the challenge for you guys.  E3. Bishop E4 check.  King D2. Queen D5 check.  King C3. That blunders a king.  B4. Checkmate with a pawn.  Mission, accomplished.  [Music] 