 100 rated chess, but the king must capture one of every type of piece. Or pawn. Man. Is it every  type of piece, every type of pieces, every types of piece, or every types of pieces. But anyway.  E4. E5. Since my king is the one that will have to do most of the capturings,  I guess we have no other choices, than king E2. Let's go you mother******.  Qh4. Very aggressive. So normally I would have played knight c3 here trying to defend Edward,  but since my king will ultimately have to eat his queen. D4. I'm sorry Edward, I know that you are  very sad for continuously being sacrificed in the videos these days, but please don't be sad,  because no one cares about you anyway. Edward is dead. Bishop E3. The plan is queen D3,  queen takes D3, king takes D3 and we are 100% going to win this challenge, and actually if he  can just take my bishop right now and allow king takes, that will be extremely convenient.  Of course it doesn't happen. Queen D3. My queen actually cannot take his queen due to the rules,  so in no world you take my bishop here. No doubt. King takes D3. Ha, this guy is so dead.  D takes E3. Aha, king takes should be the most logical move here because my king also has to  capture at least one pawn. But I'll go for F takes instead, the idea is after bishop C5, I can go  knight F3 knight D4 bishop D4 king D4 and we are one step closer to fulfilling the challenge.  Exactly as planned. Knight F3. D6. Knight D4. I mean since he's up in materials,  there is no way he's not taking my knight, and this horsey also prevents bishop F5.  Nevermind. That blunders a bishop, but if I take it, I will be forced to capture the other bishop  with my king, which can be a big problem for this video, not to mention that there is a chance that  he will resign for being too disappointed in himself for losing a bishop for free.  Nah. I'm just thinking too much. Knight takes F5, knight back to D4 again will definitely do the  job next time, and quite frankly, who would resign a game just because they've lost a minor piece  anyway, especially when they still have the material advantage.  [Music]  What the f-  [Music] 