 100 rated chess, but there's electrical engineering, your king is the battery,  your pieces and pawns cannot move unless they are connected along a chain to the king.  Let's go. We get a 2-46 from Egypt. All of my pieces and pawns are connected to my king,  so I can move anything, e4. I mean now my e-pawn is not connected to my king anymore,  but it cannot move anymore after e5, so it doesn't really matter anyway.  Exactly as planned. Knight c3. Vienna. Knight f6. f4. And I've just realized that I can't  follow the normal line of e f4 e5 because my e-pawn is not connected.  Nevermind. Knight f3. Everything is now connected again.  d6. I'll take. Bishop g4. That blunders a horsey, and since this pawn is still connected,  I can take it. g takes f6. d4. Queen e7. Bishop f4 bishop f3 queen f3.  b6. It's very hard to connect to this rook as it is literally the end of the electric lines.  Rook d1. I'll bring it right next to my king so that even if the line is broken somewhere,  I will still be able to use it. Long castle. Ah ha. This move will be a little bit risky.  But of course, I can not be a coward. This puts my bishop in a very strong square against his king,  but it also permanently disconnects my bishop from my king, which means I can never move it again.  King d7. This rook is now at the end of the line, so I'll bring him closer. It is actually really  weird that my opponent's queen is still alive after 10 moves in the game. Nevermind. That  blunders a woman. Man that was convenient. That blunders a very easy to see checkmate in 8 starting  with queen g4 check, but that move will disconnect both my queen and my bishop, which makes it  absolutely impossible to execute. So I guess, bishop g3. No need to rush, we need a good plan  first. Knight d4. Ah ha. Now is probably the most important decision of this entire game,  and even though I'm obviously not a coward, I just want to tell you that this challenge is  much harder than it looks, and it took me a lot of time to finally make this decision.  Queen takes f7 check. This permanently disconnects my queen from my king, so I'm  currently being put in a situation where I have to quickly checkmate his king, before he can take my  woman. King c6. And in this position, something unexpected happened. I got disconnected. My  internet connection was actually fine at that point, this is chess.com's fault, I take no responsibility.  *Outro* 