 100 rated chess, but your odd-numbered moves must make Stockfish happy, and your even-numbered  moves must make Stockfish upset. I just want to say that book moves are not always good.  But still, I will respect his perception. We get a 2 0 8 from Russia, and the Russian flag has been  censored by chess.com due to the Ukraine war. First move has to be a good move. E4. G6. All right,  here comes the problem. I was expecting E5 so that I can play B4, which blunders a pawn on move 2,  but since he didn't open up his bishop, I think I have to go for king to E2. Stockfish?  Thank you. The entire chess community will host a gigantic party the day that king E2 becomes a  brilliant move. Bishop G7. Back to the good moves. D4. I mean taking the full center has to be a good  move. Right? Of course. B6. Not very aggressive. Man, it's getting very hard to make a bad move  because he's not taking the center at all. King to E3. In no world that is not a bad move.  There we go, and you can see that my opponent's position is so bad that even king E3 is only an  inaccuracy. Bishop H6 check. Aha, king back to E2. Not just a good move, that has to be the best move.  Right? Perfect. Bishop A6 check. Oh no. King E1 is obviously the best move, and I don't want to  blunder a pawn meaninglessly. Therefore, king F3 is kinda forced. It's fine, I don't think he can  checkmate me with this not taking the center playstyle. D6. A good move, bishop takes H6.  I will never play chess again if it's not a good move. There we go. Knight takes A6. I really want  to take this bishop as well, but sadly, it's time for a bad move. B4. I mean that blunders a pawn,  so it has to be a bad move. Right? Thank you. Now I can take this bishop. Best move? Yes.  Knight takes H6. Aha, now I have queen D2 forking the horses, but sadly, it's time for a bad move.  King E3. Since I missed a fork, there is no doubt that this is a bad move. No question there.  Knight G4 check. Aha, so he wants to trade 2 knights with my rook and a pawn, I will happily  take it. Knight takes C2 check. King back is definitely good, therefore, king forward. Stockfish?  Of course. Knight takes A1. Alright, now I believe moving the queen back to trap his knight is  definitely the best move, but you know what they say, a real man never retreats his woman.  Therefore, knight C3. In no world developing a piece to the center is not a good move.  What the f-  [Music] 