 100 rated chess, but it's the French Revolution, you must en passant 3 times before the game ends,  once for each stripe of the flag. Very challenging. E4, I mean since it's all about the Frenchies,  it would be amazing if he can play E6 right now going for the French defense.  Ha, what an amazing unpaid not actor. E5. Alright, the setup is complete, now just go D5 or F5,  and we have our first stripe of the flag. Okay that blunders a queen, but if I take that queen,  he may decide to resign the game, which means the challenge is failed. Therefore, knight F3.  Queen F5. D4, D5 100%. Wrong pawn. I'll take it, and that was actually really bad,  because now there are only 6 pawns that can be en passanted, which means there is almost no room  for mistake now, considering he'll take back with a pawn after an en passant. Queen G5. That blunders  the queen again in 2 different ways, so I'll push a pawn, I mean as long as he doesn't go absolutely  crazy and take my pawns with his queen, the challenge is still absolutely fine. Queen F4.  That still blunders the queen, but of course, I'll defend my pawn instead. I can't believe that it  can be this hard just to get 1 en passant. Queen takes B4, that blunders the queen for the 3rd move  in a row, and even though I'm very mad that he took my pawn, I'm just gonna control myself.  Knight C3. He'll take this pawn next, and let's just hope that I can make it with the other 6  pawns alive. Wow! Somehow this guy blundered his queen by taking a defended pawn, and then when  there is a free pawn waiting for him to capture, he decided that he doesn't want to take it.  G4. Trust me, he doesn't see it. Absolutely. G5. Alright, B5, D5, F5, H5, just please make 1 of  those moves. He blunders his horsey instead. King E2 is blundering queen C4 checkmate in 1,  so I have to take it. Well I mean no one resigns after losing a horsey anyway.  Queen E4 check. Wow! That blunders the queen again, but as mentioned before,  I can't risk taking it. King D1 is kinda forced. Alright, after all of those queen blunders,  there is no way he can see queen F3 check and then win my rook.  You know what, f*** this game, the challenge was already hard, and then the opponent made  it absolutely impossible, so I'm just gonna end the video right here, have a great day.  [Music] 