 100 rated chess, but you must win, by surrender or checkmate, without taking any of their pieces.  Or pawns. Sounds absolutely impossible, I mean some people literally even made the how word  right here, but of course, I'm not a coward. We get a 2-0-3 from somewhere around the world,  and I'm sorry I had to censor his profile image, because he uses a picture of his son.  Or his neighbor's son I don't know. G4. Very aggressive. D5. I mean I technically cannot  take his pawn due to the rules, but since he doesn't know about that, maybe he'll get scared  and waste a move to push that pawn again. Just as planned. E5. Again, I cannot take his pawn,  but based on how he's been playing, H4 protecting the pawn should be expected.  I know this guy like the palm of my ex-girlfriend. Bishop C5. Since he already pushed his king's  pawns, it is the most natural to just start a quick attack at his king. H5. That blunders the  G pawn again, but I'll go for. H6. Deflecting this pawn away from controlling the F6 square.  Exactly. Queen F6. H takes G7. Aha, that blunders a king in two different ways,  but since both of those moves are breaking the rules of capturing a pawn, I actually cannot do  that. Rook H6. It's fine, no need to rush. F3. Aha, that blunders a horsey to bishop takes G1,  because rook takes is blundering queen H4 check rook G3 is force queen takes G3 checkmate in 2.  But again, I cannot make any captures. The plan is very simple. F takes E4, and I can finally checkmate.  That was very convenient. Bishop F2. Checkmate. Wow. And here I thought this challenge was  totally impossible even for Magnum Carlos. But anyway. I'll answer some of your comments.  Offering a draw when you could have still checkmated, and simps says he's no coward.  Dot dot dot. So here is the controversial part. You see, before offering a draw, I'd already known  there would be people saying that I'm a coward, who would also dislike the video, and the fact  that I can accept my video being disliked by many people which hurts its view count. Prove that I'm  not a coward. Question mark times 4 WTF was that simp, I'm an absolute t*t at chess, but even I saw  that move being disastrous, just move the threatened knight elsewhere, question mark question mark  question mark. So normally I don't tend to answer backseaters, because there are too many of them,  but since this guy gave me 7 question marks, this was the position he was talking about,  my move was queen to E4, and instead of queen E4, he wanted me to move one of these knights instead,  while this bishop is pinned and this knight is pinned. So I guess, I absolutely agree with this  part.  *Outro* 