 100 rated chess, but you must state in chat what your next move will be before taking your current  move. Well, I normally don't take on impossible challenges like this, but I'm actually sick right  now, so I decided to go with a shorter video. We get a 249 from Australia. Aha! I'm moving first,  so I have to tell him what I'm gonna do in my next move. Knight f3. E4, and this means that  I will have to play knight f3 next move, regardless of what happens now. E5. Just as I expected. I  really want bishop c4 next, but there's a chance that he'll play d5 after my knight f3, which means  I will be blundering a piece. Therefore, let's take a more cautious approach. Knight c3. And as  promised from last move, knight f3. F6. That blunders a pawn, but I cannot take it because  knight c3 is forced. But then there comes a question. Do I take this pawn on my next move?  I mean there is a chance that he will play d6 on his next move, which means I will blunder a knight,  but that chance is relatively small. You know what? I can't risk it. Bishop c4, knight c3.  And let's make this clear, I'm just trying to be safe, and I'm not a coward. Bishop d6. Weird move.  I'll castle next. Bishop c4. Knight h6. d3, castle. F5. Aha! Now it gets serious. You see,  the reason why this challenge is so hard, is that I cannot know whether he will take this pawn or  not. For example, now I have to play d3, but I also have to say what my next move is, and just  for context, if I say my next move is a3, then things may go like d3 is forced, f takes e4,  a3 is forced, and then I'll lose my knight. And even worse, I can't just say e takes f5 or d  takes e4 on my next move, because if he just decides to push this f-pawn, none of those moves  can happen, which means I'll have to end the video. So I guess, bishop h6, d3. I mean this has  to be the safest approach to this situation, but if he goes crazy and move his knight again,  I'm gonna lose a bishop for free. Thank you. And you know what? I think I have a great idea.  Knight e5, bishop takes h6. Exactly as planned. Queen h5, knight e5. Alright, here's how it's  gonna go. He's gonna take my knight here, and then queen h5 comes with some random checkmate that I  haven't seen yet. Or he's gonna find the best move of queen h4 and absolutely destroy me on the  chessboard. Ha! Noob. In this position, there is a forced checkmate in 7 moves, so feel free to  pause the video right now to find the sequence, and the answer is obviously queen h5 check king  e7 queen f7 check king d6 is forced knight b5 check and even though the continuation should be  king c5 queen d5 king before a3 king a4 knight c3 bishop c3 b3 mate, he actually went for king c6,  which shorthand the game down to queen d5 mate. And as you can see here, since all of those moves  were so obvious and forcing, I was able to foretell everything during the sequence. Mission  Accomplished.  [Music] 