 100 rated chess, but opening is important. You can only control the pieces, and pawns,  that moved during the first 3 turns. This sounds absolutely impossible, but since I've been winning  on a lot of challenges these days, it is time to take on some serious stuff. We get a 130 american,  so I obviously want to play with my queen after the so-called opening, therefore, e4. And with  that, Edward is the first guy that will join me in the middle of the game. e5. Queen h5, this is  the famous wayward queen attack, and I mean even though things will be really bad if he attacks my  queen now, but he should be able to see, that knight f6 is just blundering a pawn, and g6 is  obviously blundering queen e5 check bishop blocks queen takes h8 winning a free rook. Right?  Man. Now I have to move my queen, which means I will only be able to play with a warband and  Edward from move 4, and even worse, now if I take this pawn, queen blocks is terrible because after  I take his rook, queen takes e4 as a check, which forces me to end my own video. You know what?  I'm not a coward, I mean there is always a chance that he won't block with his queen,  and even if I had moved my queen back, there still wouldn't be many things for me to do  with only a woman and a pawn, so I had to take this risk. Ha, amazing unpaid not actor.  Queen takes h8. Bishop f6. Ah ha, that blunders a horsey, but if I take it, king e7 will start a  fight between the women, and after queen h7, queen h8 will force a queen trade, which is absolutely  not good for this video. Therefore, queen takes h7. Need to be careful on every single move.  Bishop g5. Ah ha. Now I can take it. King e7 is forced, of course I'm not trading my woman.  Queen g7. In no world do you take this pawn just to give a check and force me to end my own video.  Why is he thinking for so long? Thank you. Queen h6. Queen f8. Queen f4. A resignation  will be very convenient. Of course that doesn't happen, and in this position, I came up with an  absolutely brilliant move that I'm sure even the great Magnus Carlsen will never be able to do the  same in his games, so if you are interested, please feel free to pause the video right now  to find that move, and unlike the other times, this time I will give you a couple of seconds to  do that. Okay so normally I should be congratulating the people who found the move, but guess what,  I'm actually sure that none of you were able to find it, and the move was...  offering a draw. Game drawn by agreement, mission accomplished.  [Music] 