 100 rated chess, but the queen is an intercontinental ballistic missile, you must launch her once as capture or checkmate, then she has exploded and cannot move again.  And she cannot be captured.  Ha, in case you don't remember, I've never lost a single challenge about women.  D3. Not very aggressive.  E5. Since I cannot play with my queen too early into the game, taking the center and playing like a normal match should be the best way to tackle this challenge.  Bishop E3.  D5. Have to say that I think this move is very suspicious.  And I was right.  That blunders a bishop. I mean a resignation means this challenge is failed, but who resigns after only losing a single bishop anyway?  Right?  Of course.  Bishop E4. Let's see if he wants to blunder his knight as well.  He doesn't. I'll pull it back.  D4. I'll take that pawn.  Maybe provoking his queen out is not such a good idea because it can lead to a queen trade which ends the video, but of course, I'm not a coward.  Queen takes D4.  Knight F6, queen D5, bishop C3, queen D2, queen D2, checkmate will be extremely convenient.  Of course it doesn't happen.  Bishop E6.  Queen back to D4 again.  Knight C6.  Logically speaking, I actually don't want to take his queen because that is just provoking a resignation, but since he doesn't know about it, attacking the woman should always be a good choice.  Queen A4.  D4. Let's see if he sees rook D1.  Wow.  Not only did he see rook E1, he even saw that if he castles queenside, his rook will still be put on D1 to pin my pawn into my queen.  I'm scared.  Castle.  Knight B5.  Bishop B6. I can't believe that after blundering a bishop on move 3, this guy really didn't blunder anything else in the next 10 moves.  And he even baits me to blunder my queen.  Knight A5.  Alright, let's see who baits who.  A random king move. That blunders a fork.  Rook takes D4.  Ah ha, taking the queen should be the best move, but since I cannot lose my queen, I have to take the rook.  Knight takes D4.  That blunders a woman, and since I'm already very close to a checkmate, I'll take it.  That is a very risky choice, but since this guy hasn't blundered anything until these recent moves, I need to take my chance and destroy his position.  B3.  Knight takes.  Knight E6.  Ah ha, that blunders queen D1 king B2 queen C1 king A2 queen A1 checkmate in 3, but since my queen can only move once for a checkmate, I have to take his knight instead.  It's fine, the checkmate is very close, and since he didn't resign after losing his queen, there's no reason to resign after losing just another horsey.  What the f-  [outro music]  [outro music]  (upbeat music)  (upbeat music)  (upbeat music)  [Cheering] 