 *claps*  Men and women, welcome to the first episode of Fake the ELO, where I play against a Discord member, and then try to guess their exact ELO after the game.  If I guess it correctly, it's my win, otherwise, it's your win.  And of course, as you can already see, since this is the first video in the series, it's 0-0.  Enough talking, let's go.  My first opponent is a guy called the Boncloud Kings Gambit Tumbleweed.  And as you can see, there's nothing here, so I literally didn't know anything about his ratings.  C3. The Sarah Gosar opening.  The fact that he's playing this opening means that he is either very low-rated, who only moves the pawns randomly, or that he is a grandmaster, trying to trick me into thinking that he is low-rated.  E5. Well I mean there is another chance that it was just a mouse slip from C4.  H4. Very aggressive.  D5. Queen A4 check. Again, very aggressive.  Bd7. Queen A5.  Ah ha, he's obviously tricking me to play knight C6 attacking his queen, which blunders my d-pawn.  The fact that he is delivering such tactics is giving me some ideas about how masterful he is at chess.  Knight F6.  B4. Ah ha, now he realized that his last move was too good and could expose his ratings,  decided to play a weird move to fool me.  Knight C6.  Queen A3.  A5.  Queen B3.  Bishop D6.  It's kinda weird that a grandmaster is deciding to move his queen 4 times out of 7 moves,  but I'm sure that he will just pull his queen back any moment now, and then totally destroy me on the board.  Ah ha. You see? Now the game truly begins.  D4.  Man, seeing a grandmaster starting to destroy me really caught me nervous, which results in such a bad move.  Maybe not.  Oh wait, I'm still thinking that he is very high rated, and is only playing poorly to trick me that he is bad.  Knight takes B4. I'm delivering a tactic here, whether he is gonna fall for it or not, will contribute a lot to my final answer.  And he saw it.  Wow. I mean he could have just blundered his queen to fool me, but I guess he just can't let his woman die.  The pawn die for the woman.  And the queen is back.  I'll take this pawn as well.  King takes.  Alright, I guess that is all the information we can get from this guy, so let's just end this game real fast.  E4.  Queen E3.  Bishop A4.  Queen A3.  Maybe I will have to give another rule in the episode that players must not move a piece too many times to ruin my video.  But anyway, that blunders a king.  Bishop F4 check.  King back to E1.  Checkmating with knight looks cool, but you know, since the D1 square originally belonged to his queen, why not replace it with my queen.  Checkmate.  Alright, here comes the main part.  Unlike some chess master, who only gives his assumption is some ranges, I will only try to guess the exact number.  The fact that he could save his queen twice makes me think that he is at least 700, but since all the other moves were so bad, I really can't make a judgement call.  Ah ha! I know, let's do this.  Now since the game is done, can you tell me your exact ELO so I can compare with my prediction?  8-0-4.  Ah ha! Perfect.  My guess is he is an 804 rated player.  Yeah, it's correct.  And by the way, what was your guess?  Ha! You fool.  [music] 