 It's Tuesday 21st of February 2023, aka the Fat Tuesday. So 100 rated chess, but your pieces are  fat, they cannot move further than 2.25 squares per move, they cannot move twice in a row,  the horses cannot jump, and the rooks cannot castle. Disallowing moving twice in a row is  obviously just making this challenge impossible to navigate, so we have to delete this part.  And I'm not a coward. We get a 1 53 from the US. A 4. If you really think about it,  if my bishops travel 2 squares, they are actually covering a distance of 2 times square root of 2,  which is 2.8, longer than 2.25, which means my bishops can only travel 1 square each time in  this game, which means they are absolutely useless, so there is no need to push the center pawns.  D5. Rook K3. Moving in a straight line is the only way I can utilize this challenge to the utmost.  C5. H4. G5. Very aggressive. Left blunders a pawn. H6. I want to move this rook to the king's side,  therefore, rook C3. Well, I guess it'll take a while. H takes G5. Wait. That blunders a rook,  but I cannot take it due to the rules, and I also cannot move my rook anywhere,  because it will die regardless.  It's fine, at least I can take back a bishop, and who knows, maybe he'll decide to be an unpaid  actor and not take my rook. And he did. Rook G3. Ha! Thank you very much. Rook H1. Very aggressive.  I'll take this pawn. My knights cannot move anyway. So f*** them. Rook takes useless horsey.  E4. We'll use our queen. Rook takes F1. King takes. Ha! Now it's like a two pieces for a  rook trade, which is definitely good for me because those pieces are trash for this game.  Bishop H6. That blunders a horsey, but it is too far. Bishop G7. I can take it. F takes E4.  Ah ha! That blunders a knight and a queen, but after I take his knight, there is a small chance  that he'll go king F7, which actually trash my rook because his queen is too far away and my rook  cannot be retreated to a safe square. So I guess, queen E2. It's fine, there's no need to rush.  Knight F6. Queen E3. And don't even tell me that I blundered a fork. I see that.  And he sees it too. Queen G3. Since I've already broken down his kingside, it's better to just  use two pieces to deliver a quick checkmate than to spend too many moves on unnecessary pieces.  D takes C3. Queen G5. We're slowly getting there. King F8. We can easily see,  that he's getting scared. Queen G6. Threatening queen F7 mate. Queen E8. Queen H6. Threatening  queen H8 knight G8 queen G8 checkmate in two. Knight G8. This guy is really defending all of  my mating threats. Queen H7. Let's see how long he can survive. Well. Not very long. Queen H8  knight G8 queen G8 checkmate. Mission accomplished.  [Music] 