 100 rated chess, but your queen is having an identity crisis, she must move like a pawn,  until she reaches the back rank, then she can move normally. She must reach it before the game  ends. Another very difficult challenge that can easily be disturbed by my opponent,  but I'm not scared of it. We get a 1 17 from the Philippines. E4. So in order to push this pawn,  I have to push this pawn. I'm sorry David, but you need to die so my queen can have the way to go  forward. Or you don't have to. That blunders a bishop. This game is going very well very quickly.  Queen H5. Here we go. Queen D7. If you try to put a pawn on the 1st or 8th rank on chess.com,  it will have to move 1 square first and then can go 2 squares,  just like what I'm trying to do right now. Knight F3. I cannot go here yet. Knight F6.  Knight E5. Ah ha, that blunders a horsey after knight H5 knight E7 bishop D7, but since I can  not lose my queen in this video, queen D6 is kinda forced. On second thought, maybe pushing the queen  on move 3 was too early of a decision. Queen takes F7 check. King D8 is forced. Please blunder  something really bad. Yeah, like that. Rook takes F8. Ha, now all I have to do is to push my queen  as fast as possible before he finally decides to resign the game. Knight C6 check. Taking his knight  is going way too far with the material difference, king to E8. To be clear, I'm just trying to tackle  the challenge in the most sensible way possible. And I'm not a coward. Knight B4. I mean that still  blunders the horsey, but of course my queen doesn't move like that. Castle. A5. I need this knight to  move somewhere else. That also works. Pawn push. Halfway done, halfway more. Rook E1. Now I have  to take this knight. Please just don't resign. Thank you. Cd3 Cd3 knight F2 rook F1 pawn push.  I really need this knight to work with my queen, so he should be able to see, that rook takes F2  is actually blundering a king to queen F2 king H1 is forced queen F1 a very textbook checkmate in 2.  Right? Of course he does. My queen can go forward, but since a normal pawn cannot do that,  I'll make the way first. Bishop E3. Wait. My queen is trapped.  All right. Rook F1 check. Of course you're gonna take with the rook and be my unpaid actor. Right?  So,  uh, 