 100 rated chess, but you must justify all of your opponent's blunders with logical fallacies,  these reasonings must be different, and if you are unable to do so. The video ends.  Ha, in case you don't know, I majored in flexing when I was in university.  We get a 163 from Norway, with diamond membership, and spoiler alert, I don't think that this guy is  Magnus Carlsen. E4, so normally when I take on a challenge, I usually build myself a good strategy  to fight against my unpredictable 100 rated opponents, but for this very video, there is  absolutely no need for any strategies, because I strongly believe that there is no such blunder  that I cannot make a logical fallacy to excuse for. E5. Not a blunder. D4, I mean it's gonna be  difficult to flex if he blunders his queen right now, but who plays like that anyway. Right? Ha,  not even close. Bishop D3, just please delay your queen blunder, it's still a little bit too early  for that. E takes D4. Knight F3. Ha, I mean even if he blunders his queen right now, I can still  say that he sacrificed his queen to put my knight on the rim, which is a very smart tactic. He saved  his queen instead. I'll take this pawn. Knight F6, knight C3 D6 bishop G5 bishop A6 very aggressive.  Ok. Here we go. Knight D5, brilliant move by the way, and I think we all know that there's  a gigantic chance that I'll have to find an excuse for his very next move. And there it is,  that blunders a woman, but actually, that did not blunder the woman, because he is actually  sacrificing his queen to unpin his knight from my bishop, and you know what they say, the best way  to unpin a piece, is to sacrifice the piece behind the pin. Therefore, knight takes E7, and as you  can see, his knight is not pinned anymore. Bishop takes E7. Queen D3 bishop C5 long castle D5 bishop  F6 G F6 E D5 rook G8 knight F5. He should be able to see, that rook takes G2 is blundering queen  E4 check winning a full rook. Right? Aha! I understand now, he is actually baiting me to go  queen E4 check to fork his rook, and then instead of moving the king away from my pieces, he'll go  king F8 to provoke me to check him again instead of taking his rook, which blunders my queen to  his bishop, therefore rook G2 is actually a gambit of a rook to try his chance at winning my queen.  But still, queen E4 check. He'll go king F8 for sure. Ha! You see, this is entirely his plan.  D6, of course I don't even care about that rook anyway. C takes D6, that blunders a king to queen  E7 check king G8 is forced queen E8 a very textbook back rank checkmate in two, but since  of course there's no way I can make an excuse for blundering a king, I'll have to end the video.  Ha! Mission accomplished.  [Music] 