 100 rated chess, but you have to lose, while having a +10 material advantage.  Ha! Finally, a challenge where I can actually play like a normal person. We get a 141 from the US.  E4. E5. The plan is very obvious that I need to get to +10, without getting him to resign,  and to be honest, it's pretty scary that I have absolutely no control over the second thing.  Qh5. Ah ha, that is really good, because if he gets his queen out, it is much easier for  him to blunder the woman than just keeping her in her bedroom. Nc6. A4. Very aggressive.  Nf6, I mean if he can just blunder the queen right now, that will be very convenient.  Of course it doesn't happen. Nd4. Alright, 8 ways to blunder your queen, just choose one of them.  That's not one of them. Bc5. C3. That blunders a rook. Nb3. Well I mean if he can play Ke2 to  blunder his queen instead of his rook, that will be… nevermind. I'll take the bishop first. Qg3.  Oh, wait. I think I have an idea. Bxf2. Since this guy has been playing so aggressively from  the start, Qg3 is obviously to attack my g-pawn, and since my g-pawn is still undefended after the  attack, I have a very strong feeling that he's just gonna take my bishop with his king and  absolutely blunder a royal fork. Man I can already see people are gonna backseat me so bad for  blundering a bishop if he takes with his queen now. Thank you. Nxe4. And I solemnly swear, that  this guy is not a paid actor. Kf3. Testosterone. I'll take the woman. Alright, now I have +11  material advantage, but since the challenge requires me to be +10, and as far as I can see,  +11, is not equal to +10, therefore, I have to continue playing, instead of clicking that  resign button. Kxg3. 2 pawns to go. Qf6, and I also need to be careful not to accidentally checkmate  his king during the process. Nh3. d5. Man, this is actually pretty frustrating when my eyes just  keep looking at his king but my brain knows for sure that I must not do anything to that guy.  d4. That blunders a pawn. Cxd4, Qxd4. Only 1 pawn to go, and that one looks really delicious.  Perfect. Qxb2. Okay I have +10, and even though I know clearly that the guy actually wants me  to continue playing and lose by being checkmated, it wasn't said anywhere in the challenge,  therefore, I'm just gonna resign here. And I'm not a coward. This is not because I don't have  the confidence to blunder my king without losing any other materials in the progress,  I'm just trying to take full advantage of the challenge, therefore, mission, accomplished.  [outro] 