 I'm better than my viewers, free your loved ones.  Yeah. I love myself. Ladies and gentlemen and kids, it is another episode of I'm Better Than  My Viewers, and the viewer this time is a girl, yes you heard me right. A girl, called Ragdoll  Kitten. And she's very high rated. This bishop eyeing down my king is very annoying, so I guess  I'll take it first. Knight a5 check. I'll take this rook. You may say that moving my king into  her territory is a dumb idea, but since her strongest piece is all the way on the other  side of the board, I believe moving my king this way is actually a safer choice. Knight b5. Aha,  she's threatening bishop a7 discovered checkmate in 1. Bishop e6. I mean who knows, maybe she'll  blunder her rook. Nevermind. Alright, I guess I have no other choices. Queen takes b5. I'm sorry  my love, but I couldn't find anything else. She's dead. I'll take this pawn. Well, at least I have  a passed pawn. Rook takes f3. Aha. That blunders a skewer. Queen takes h3. Aha. Now if I take his  rook with my bishop, he can go queen c8 c6 queen b7 an unstoppable checkmate in 3. So I guess,  I'll take with my horsey. You may say that I'm a fool for blundering my rook, but if you really  think about it, that was just a rook trade, and if he plays queen c8 right now, I can go knight g5  rook h7 attacking his king and controls the b7 square faster than he can checkmate me.  Queen takes h1. I'll take this bishop. c5. Very aggressive. e6 king f6 rook e1 king e7 bishop h2  queen g2 rook e5 queen h3 rook g5 queen h8 check. King c7 is blundering a very beautiful queen d8  checkmate in 1, therefore, king a7. Even though that checkmate is absolutely beautiful, I cannot  let that happen. King d6 g4 discover check bishop e5 queen d8 rook g7 king f8 e7 queen takes rook  takes king takes aha. Even though now I have enough materials for a checkmate, I'm definitely  not gonna do that stupid bishops and knight checkmate. Therefore, g5 a4 g6 c4 g7 c3. And you  know what? I think I've changed my mind. g8 animalized. Check. King f8. Bishop d6 check.  King e8. Knight f6 check. King d8 is forced. Knight e5. The plan is obviously knight f7 king  c8 bishop e6 checkmate in 2, but in this very position, my opponent resigned. Which is very  disappointing. But anyway, I'm better than my viewers.  So,  you.  [Music] 