 This guy made a position for I'm better than my viewers, but sadly, I'll use it for another video.  Welcome to another episode of my viewers cheat, and the cheater this time is a guy called rosy  cheeked beard. The rules are very simple. He uses stockfish. I don't. I'll take this bishop first.  I'm giving him a choice, if he takes with king, I'll trade the other bishop as well,  but if he takes with bishop, each of us gets to keep the bishop for ourselves.  Bishop takes. Knight f3. In case you're wondering, only you guys and my opponent get to see stockfish  lines, I've already covered this section on my computer. Trust. Knight c6. Knight g4. Queen b8.  Before starting the game, I asked my opponent to choose a number between 1 to 5, he picked 3,  and since now is already 3 moves into the game. Stockfish disabled. No worries, I'll enable it  again after 3 moves, but now is my chance to try and take a lead. Queen g1. The plan is very simple,  both of us are trying to take control over the e5 square, so queen g1 queen c5 putting  more pressure on e5 is definitely the best continuation. Knight b5. Queen c5. Please  don't offer a queen trade. Thank you. That drops the e5 square. Bishop g8. 3 moves have passed,  I'll enable stockfish again. Bishop takes g8. As you can see, stockfish didn't like that move  very much because the best move was queen f2, but since I'm not cheating like my opponent,  I couldn't see that. King takes queen c4 king h8 queen f7 queen c7. Wow. For some reason,  stockfish actually allowed me to take this pawn, and even though I feel like this is a trap,  since he doesn't have stockfish anymore at this point, I will take it. King h7. Let's make a  sacrifice. G takes queen check king down queen check king up queen check king down queen takes  queen takes knight check royal fork. King g7. Knight takes e7. And even though I'm being up 2  pawns in this position, my opponent still refused to resign from the game, so we shuffled our pieces  around for the next 25 moves. Queen d5. Checkmate. In case you want to ask why didn't I just fast  forward the moves instead of skipping them, that was 25 moves in a row, which is 50 moves for both  sides, and editing that will take an enormous amount of time, which I rather spend on watching  pawns.  so  you  (upbeat music) 