 100 rated chess, but you are schizophrenic, every 5 moves, one of your pieces, not pawns,  must travel as far as possible to attack something that isn't there.  5 moves obviously sounds too easy, so let's change it to. 3.  Let's go, we get an exact 100 rated guy from Kazakhstan.  E4. This has to be my first ever Kazakhstani opponent on this channel,  so I wonder what kind of rare first move is he going to make.  Well, not very surprising. I will have to make a long piece move on my 3rd move,  and since bishop a6 is blundering a bishop, I definitely don't want to make that move,  so queen h5 is my only choice, which means I have to prevent him from playing knight f6  next controlling the h5 square. So I guess, d4. If I give him a target to capture,  he won't develop his knight. That knight is okay, queen h5 is kinda forced.  Bishop e4 check. c3. Bishop a5. I'll attack this knight. Knight d4. Ah ha, that is very fancy  taking advantage of this spin without realizing that it still blunders the knight after this fork,  but since I have to make a longest possible move without capturing anything,  queen d1 is kinda forced. I mean it's fine, this also prevents knight c2 from happening.  Queen g5. That blunders a queen. Out of nowhere, I get a free queen.  d6. d4. It's funny that after he retreats his bishop I still cannot take his knight due to  the rules, but since his knight is trapped anyway, I guess there's nothing much to be worried about.  Except for that. I cannot take this knight with my pawn because the challenge said not pawns,  I cannot take this knight with my queen because the challenge said I cannot capture.  Therefore, king e2 is f***ing forced. Knight d4 check. Ah ha, he's probably hoping that I'll  move my king back. Die. Bishop takes b4. That blunders a bishop, and I've just realized that  I actually cannot take the bishop because next move is a challenger's move. c6. Bishop back to  c1. Bishop c5. Now I can take it. Bishop g4 check. f3. Somehow I have a feeling that he's just gonna  take this pawn. King e1. I don't want to explain why I didn't take it. Knight f6. I'll take this  pawn. Who cares about that bishop anyway. b takes, queen takes c6 check. King f8. And now I cannot  take his rook because of the challenge again. Bishop a6. Man, should have taken that bishop instead.  Ha! Never mind. Mission accomplished.  [Music] 