 100 rated chess, but I'll pay you $5 for every piece or pawn of either side that ends the game  on a dark square. -5 for each that ends on a light square. That sounds pretty racist. Free money for  me. We get a 177 from the US, E4 putting a pawn on a light square sounds absolutely stupid. D4.  I mean D5 will be pretty problematic because it puts his pawn on a light square, but who knows,  maybe he'll play D6 instead and help me get another 10 bucks instead.  Well, thank you. Bishop F4. London system baby. C5. Very aggressive. Eliminating materials on  dark squares doesn't sound like a very good idea. E3. But then he takes me. Oh well, I guess I have  no other choices. I mean it's fine if now he puts another piece on the dark square. Amazing. Bishop  C4. Since I need a lot of things on dark squares, my light square bishop is definitely the most  valuable piece in this game, because if I have a strong light square bishop, my opponent won't  dare to put his materials on the light squares. F#@k. Knight F3. Don't worry, I'll maneuver this  horsey back to a dark square later. B5. I don't want to take that pawn because it may still advance  to B4. Bishop D5. This will force him to move his rook to B8. Or not. I'll give a check.  You know what? Somehow I actually saw that was coming. H4. Queen E8. So instead of moving his  rook, he gives me a fork instead. I'll pull it back. Because I feel like if I kept my bishop there,  he'd play bishop D7 next forcing a trade. Bishop E7. Ha, that blunders a bishop. Knight E6. I'll  pull this back. A6. Not gonna lie, these pawns are very annoying. D5. Moving a pawn from a dark  square to a light square doesn't sound like a very good idea, but this will help me attack his  queen which will move his queen to a dark square and it also attacks his knight which also forces  his knight to move to a dark square. Or not. C3. Knight F5. Bishop C6. Dude. Now everything is  hanging. And he said that it is okay to hang one more thing. I'll take it. I mean as long as my  light bishop is still alive, he will definitely see its threats at some point. Nevermind. Oh well,  I cannot let that queen live. Rook G8. That move has no f***ing usage other than reducing $10 from  my payment. Knight D2. Knight C7. A3. Knight D5. Queen F3. A5. Queen D5. E6. Queen B5. A4. C7.  Resignation. 13 dark squares, 9 light squares, 20 bucks. That is a very small payment,  so even though I won this game, mission is failed.  [outro music]  [outro music] 