 100 rated chess, but every time your opponent blunders a piece, not pawn, you must blunder  a piece of equal or greater value. Sounds absolutely impossible, but of course, I'm not a coward.  We get a 162 from the US. E4. E5. Still theory. Knight f3. Knight f6. I'll take this pawn,  I mean knight g4 here is blundering a horsey and will force me to blunder a piece back,  but who plays like that anyway? Right? Of course. Knight c3. Alright,  since you didn't take this pawn last move, in no world do you take it this time.  How the hell did that even happen? I have to sacrifice my knight back. King takes f7,  there's no need to take his knight back immediately. Queen h5. This is what they call,  in between moves, or also known as, zwischenzug. G6. Queen d5 check. King back to e8. I'll take  with my horsey. C6. Queen e5. Okay, that was a risky move, because now I'm attacking his rook,  so if he doesn't see it, I'll have to sacrifice my queen because I cannot move my rooks out,  but since it is so obvious that I'm attacking his rook, a move like rook f8 blundering knight  d6 checkmate in 1 should be very convenient for me. Right? Wow. That blunders a rook,  but you know what, that actually also blunders the king, and since I cannot blunder my king back,  I'll say that it is totally fine to just go knight d6 pre-move queen h8. Checkmate.  Mission accomplished, but since the video is still so short, I'll answer some of your comments  instead. Always assume 100 rated players don't know how to capture with a pawn. Ah ha, you must  be new to the channel. As I always say, always have faith in the 100 rated players. Thanks for  the reminder that it's almost Christmas and that I need to buy presents for all my annoying nephews  sad face. Just buy them some cauliflower dude. Calling that position a draw by insufficient  materials has always bugged me, if black king is on h1 and black bishop is on g1 and white king is  on g3 and white bishop is on f3, that's checkmate. It might be impossible to force, but we play out  rook versus rook so why not this? Well, I would rather skip 50 moves ahead of the video instead.  [Music] 