 I'm better than my viewers, kidnapped.  Disclaimer, I'm currently not kidnapping anyone.  Good morning everyone, welcome to another I'm better than my viewers video,  the series that I made to prove that I'm obviously better than my viewers,  and the viewer this time is a girl.  Yes, a girl, called Lucy G.  E4.  The plan is very simple.  E4, E5, I win her woman.  Of course it cannot be that convenient.  Bishop H4.  Can't let her play E5 with a tempo.  E5.  The only advantage I have over my opponent is that my pieces are much more active than hers.  Therefore, I'll open up the center.  Fun fact, D4 was actually blundering a very complicated checkmate in 9 that even Stockfish  hasn't managed to find yet.  So if you are interested, please feel free to pause the video right now to analyze the position,  and since my 600 rated opponent can never find it on her own, or she can.  I have to take this knight, trying my best to make room for my king to move,  and who knows, maybe she'll decide to blunder something now instead of taking my rook.  That was very convenient.  I'll take it.  Now she takes my rook.  This knight is too offsided, and instead of wasting some moves to bring it back to the center,  I'll let it die instead.  I mean who knows, maybe she'll take my pawn instead of my knight to give me her queen for free.  Again, not a paid actor.  Bishop D8 King D8 Rook F8 King forward Rook B8 Knight forward Rook H8.  My opponent has just blundered her entire back rank within 4 moves.  At least she gets my knight back.  Rook and knight endgame, king takes C7.  If I somehow get fought here, that will be very embarrassing.  G5.  F3.  G4.  Very aggressive.  Rook A8.  Pawn takes pawn takes, and then she said.  I want that rook so bad.  You know what?  Knight E8 check and I'll trade.  And surprisingly enough.  She refused.  Knight E7 Rook A7 B4 King C6 H4 Rook takes horsey.  Or I could just give you my knight, that works too.  Yeah.  I agree.  King F6.  Rook vs king endgame, not much to see here, best plan is to get a queen.  A6.  And then she said.  You can mate me with the rook and king you coward, smiley face.  You know what?  Change of plan, I'll checkmate her with a pawn instead.  10 moves later, King B7.  Stalemate.  Good game.  But anyway.  I'm better than my viewers.  [Music] 