 I'm better than my viewers, harem vs maidenless. And guess what, I get to take the harem side.  Ladies and gentlemen and gays, welcome to another episode of I'm better than my viewers,  the series that I made to prove that I don't need any paid actors to make my videos,  and the viewer this time is a guy called, Trinke.  Eh what? E3 is forking my queens, so of course, I have to take that pawn first.  G3. Aha, that creates a double attack, so I guess I have to take this bishop.  G takes F2. Queen takes, stockfish didn't really like that move, but I have no idea why.  Knight G8. Undeveloping a piece just to start an attack on my queen,  which can be considered, as very aggressive. But that blunders a rook. Rook takes. Queen F3.  Knight B8. Man, it seems like this guy doesn't like horses very much. I'll take this pawn,  I mean this knight is kinda useless anyway, so why not using it to open up the board,  and who knows, maybe he won't even take it.  Knight B5. I'm threatening knight takes C7 smothered checkmate in one,  so if he can also blunder that right now, that will be very convenient.  Ha, of course he's not a paid actor. Queen takes. Knight E6. Knight E2.  Rook A5. That allows an infiltration. Once again, I'm threatening queen C8 knight E8 knight C7  checkmate in two, and since he's definitely not a paid actor, there is no way he's blundering  such an obvious checkmate. Right? Of course. Queen D5. Centralizing a queen. E4. That blunders a pawn.  F5. Ah ha. That is very tricky. First he blunders his E pawn to make me turn off my guard,  and then he pretends to blunder his F pawn to provoke me to take it which allows rook H1  knight G1 rook A1 and I have no way to defend my bishop. So I guess, I'll take this pawn instead.  This way, my queen can still defend my bishop if he still decides to follow that continuation.  Rook H1. Just as I predicted. Knight G1. Rook A4. So instead of rook A1,  he decided to blunder a pawn instead. Rook B4. Ah ha. That blunders an extremely easy-to-see  checkmate in eight. Queen takes A A check. Knight B8. Queen takes B8 knight D8 is forced knight X  C7. Smothered checkmate. I'm better than my viewers. 