 100 rated chess, but you move your king, every time your opponent moves his pawn.  Ha! Too easy. We get a 1 41 from India. Since I most likely have to move my king in the early game,  E4. Let's make room for the fat guy. E5. Okay. Here we go. King E2. It's all good,  this is obviously expected by everyone watching this video. Okay I did not expect that. Queen takes  E4 is checkmate in 1, therefore, knight C3. Queen G4 check. F3. Go away you woman. Queen E6. Aha!  Knight to D5. I'm threatening knight takes E7 royal family fork, which means he cannot move  his pawns right now. Unless he can. Wow! That blunders a queen, but sadly, I have to move my  king. It's fine, there is a chance that he won't take. Nevermind. And even worse, that is a pawn  move. Therefore, king E2 is kinda forced. This is going very wrong very quickly. D takes E4.  Another pawn move, and at this point, that pawn is gonna go all the way down to change his gender  and there is nothing I can do about it. Therefore, king F2. The plan is E takes F3 and king takes F3  to stop the danger. Bishop C5 check. King back to E2. E takes F3 check. Oh no! Now if I take that  pawn, there is queen F5 king G3 bishop F2 checkmate in 2, or queen F5 king E2 queen E4 also  checkmate in 2. This easy challenge is getting much harder than it was supposed to be. King E1  is kinda forced. Oh wow, now I see even king E1 is also blundering F2 check king E2 queen G4 king  D3 queen D4 king E2 queen E4 checkmate in 4. Well it's not like he can see that anyway. No way!  No, I don't believe, that was just a lucky move. King E2 is forced. F pawn changes gender.  The situation is really bad, but let's be positive that at least he didn't checkmate me.  But anyway, a promotion is also a pawn move. Therefore, king to D3. I mean king E1 was  blundering queen F2 mate, so I went king D3 even though it's not that much better.  He takes my rook. Aha! Now I can finally play the game normally. I need to make room for the  D pawn to take the center, therefore, king E2. Man, now I realize that even though I said I can  play the game, it's still a king move. Queen G4 check. Now every move is blundering a checkmate  in some ways. King E1. Oh no, is he gonna take my queen to force king takes and queen F1 checkmate?  Wait what? So this guy did not see the checkmate in 2, but instead went for bishop F2 check,  which distracts my king away from defending my queen, and then he can win my queen for free.  How the f*** can a 100 rated guy know about this distracting stuff? I didn't even know about that  stuff until I was around 1300, and here comes a 100 rated guy totally destroying me right now  with such strategy. You know what? I'm not gonna continue this video anymore,  there is no way I can win this game even if I ignore the mission and play seriously.  Thank you for watching, and mission is failed.  [Music] 