 100 rated chess, but you're drunk and now have double vision. You can move a piece. Or pawn,  only if they can currently capture an even number of pieces or pawns. Zero is even. This is 100%  absolutely impossible, but of course, let's try it out anyway. We get a 1 1 9 from the Philippines.  And no, I'm not mistaking it with the Czech Republic this time. My e-pawn is not attacking  anything, therefore, Edward to e4. Knight c6. David to d4. I mean if he takes David right now,  I actually cannot take back because my queen will only be attacking one piece,  but who plays like that anyway? Right? I can already see, that this video is going to be a  total disaster. Bishop c4. In no world do you play d5 here and win my bishop just because my e-pawn  and my bishop only attack one pawn in that position. Thank you. Knight f3. This is actually  very risky because if he plays e5 right now, my knight will be attacking one pawn and thus won't  be able to move in the future. I'll castle. It's fine, it's not like I'm planning to move that  knight anytime soon anyway. Knight d4. Ah ha, now my knight is attacking two targets. Therefore,  I can move it. D5 is best move here, but please don't play it. Thank you. My knight is once again  attacking two pawns at the same time. Knight takes f7. Ha, guess what, now after he's moved  his queen, my knight will be attacking his bishop and his rook, which is two pieces,  which means I will be able to take his rook.  Unless he decides to blunder his queen just to make me unable to move my knight.  I'm sorry I doubted you. Knight takes h8. Man, I thought this challenge was absolutely  f***ing impossible, but I guess today is my lucky day. Queen h4. Ah ha. Very aggressive.  He wants to checkmate me, and since I'm not very interested in being checkmated.  G3. In no world do you take this pawn and force me to end my own video because my king is not  allowed to take your queen due to the rules. No world, including this one. No doubt. That blunders  a queen, and since my queen is attacking two pieces, I can take it due to the rules. Resignation.  I cannot believe it. Mission accomplished.  [Music] 