 I'm gooder than my viewers. Anka. Changing the series name shall not be forgiven.  Maybe a permaban. Morning everyone, welcome to another my viewers suck video,  and today's viewers is a guy called Dark Neutrino. Before the game begins, he asked me to wait for  him for a few minutes, so I used that time to think about the position. He takes F5 is a very  arousing move, but as my king is very exposed and unsafe, opening up this queen may not be a very  good idea. So I guess, I'll attack the other side instead. Bishop takes. The original plan was queen  takes rook C2. But if bishop takes, I guess I have no other choice but to defend. D takes E4.  Alright. I'm not a coward. But king F1. Knight G4. Too dangerous, need to take.  Pawn takes. Rook C2 doesn't make any sense anymore, rook A6 instead. Looks really strong,  but to be honest I don't think it can help much in such a desperate situation.  Rook check. King G2. My king is actually pretty safe on G2 as he doesn't have a light square  bishop, but I also struggle to find a real way to make progress with such material imbalance.  Rook H7. Must capture. Rook takes. I really want to play D4 aiming to open up my queen's attack,  but D4 E D4 E D4 there is queen H2 a very easy to see checkmate in 6, and even if I go rook C6  first, D4 E D4 E D4 there is still E3 discovered check with a double attack on my queen and also  a very easy to see checkmate in 5. Therefore even though this may look like a very dumb decision,  I have to do it. This queen is just too dangerous at the moment, I'll make a queen trade to close  down the position. Queen takes pawn takes. Rook H3. Aha. This capture benefits, but if you really  think about it, this rook actually doesn't do any harm to my position. I'll ignore it for now.  G3. Aha. Now that really blunders a rook. The blunders are coming in. Absolutely. That blunders  a horsey. And just like that, Stockfish thinks this is a draw. King forward. Free bishop.  King forward again. Knight G1. One attacker, one defender. Nothing to worry.  King back. Rook E5. My rook will help in the defend. Queen H4. He's threatening queen H2,  but in fact, that blunders a woman. His queen is trapped.  Aha. This is such a perfect chance for me to try out. A bishop and knight checkmate.  And 30 moves later, king F2 stalemate. In my defend, bishop and knight checkmate is very  difficult, I didn't even know that I should have cornered his king in the dark corners instead of  a light one, it's not my fault. And at the end of the day, I'm better than my viewers.  (music) 