 100 rated chess, but you cannot capture a piece, or pawn, unless it has captured a piece,  or pawn, of yours. This is going to be annoying. We get a 100 rated from Vietnam.  D4. Since I cannot capture anything unless it has captured something, I believe that my opening  should be a gambit. After he takes my pawn, that pawn can be taken. Perfect. Knight C6. Well of  course there are situations where I cannot take back the pawn, but still, it's fine to play a  gambit opening. Queen D5. Very aggressive. F6. He takes F6, knight takes F6, of course my knight  cannot take his queen due to the rules, but you know, he doesn't know about that. Queen F3. Ha!  Coward. Bishop C5. Queen E3 check. Very aggressive. That blunders a woman, but since that woman hasn't  captured anything yet, I cannot take it, due to the rules. Therefore, bishop back to E7.  Queen G3. Man, this guy has to be the most aggressive opponent I have ever met.  He's obviously calculating castle and bishop H6, and even though I have rook F7 after that,  I actually want to go for, king F7. I mean since he's playing very aggressively,  why not give him a target to attack. Queen G5. Yeah, come at me baby. D5. Let me predict.  Queen H5 is coming. Ha! How did I know that? That blunders the queen again, and again,  the rules are ruining the fun. G6. Queen H6. Too aggressive. Bishop F5, I mean that attacks the  C-pawn, but again, I can't take it. C3. Coward. D4. C takes D4. I'll take with queen. On second  thought, knight takes would have threatened knight C to checkmate in one, but I mean queen takes is  not so bad anyway. Knight A3. Let's give a check. Bishop block. Knight E4. Knight C2. Ah ha,  that blunders bishop takes D2 check king D1 knight takes F2 checkmate, or bishop takes D2  check queen takes D2 queen takes D2 checkmate, but since his bishop hasn't captured anything,  I cannot take it, due to the rules. So I guess, queen back to D6. Man, after so much effort I've  put out to set up a checkmate, the rules just simply jumped in and ruin everything. Bishop takes  B4. Knight takes B4. Knight takes B4. Queen takes B4 check. As you can see, it is either queen D2  queen takes D2 mate, or king D1 knight takes F2 king C1 queen E1 mate. But sadly, the rules are  once again, stopping me from doing those. King D1. I mean getting the rooks in for a checkmate is  easy, but I prefer the hard way. G5. Knight H3. Ah ha, finally. Queen D2. Checkmate. Mission  accomplished.  (upbeat music)  ♪ Whoo, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ 