 100 rated chess, but you can't take the unprotected pieces. And pawns. Very challenging.  We get a 1 29 from the US. E4. E5. Still theory. Knight f3. D5. Very aggressive. There are 2 pawns  that I can take, but since this pawn is not protected by anything, I actually can only take  this pawn. Bishop d6. Bishop c4. Bishop c5. That blunders a pawn, but since it's not being  protected by anything, I cannot take it, due to the rules. Castle. Queen d6. Again, very aggressive.  D4. Since he's playing really aggressive against me, I need to be polite and play aggressive back  at him. Bishop d6. That blunders both bishops at the same time, and since they both are protected,  taking either one is fine. Bishop takes d5. That blunders a queen. Wow, this mission is going way  smoother than I expected. Bishop takes c4. I really want to take this pawn, but of course,  that is against the rules. Rook e1. It's actually really weird that this guy hasn't made any crazy  moves that take advantage of the mission yet. I shouldn't have said that. That blunders a bishop,  but since it's not being protected, I cannot take it. Knight c3. Of course I need to move  my knight away before he decides to take it for free. C takes d6. That blunders this bishop again.  But anyway. Knight b5. Bishop c4. Ha! You know, I was planning to go knight c7 check to win his  rook, but then I realized that his rook is also unprotected. And even worse, now he's trying to  mock me by blundering his bishop in a very similar way. Fine. Knight back to c3. I feel like a real  100 rated player now. Knight c6. Bishop d3. Knight d4. That blunders a horsey, but if I take his  knight with my bishop, it will make his e-pawn pinned to his king, which means his knight wasn't  actually protected, which makes me a fool for ending my own video. Therefore, I'll take with  knight. I mean I can't just leave his knight there anyway, because if he takes my knight next turn,  I wouldn't be able to take back due to the rules. E takes d4. Taking the pawn is obviously the best  move, but of course, it's the rules ruining the fun again. Bishop f4 check. King d7. Very aggressive.  Knight e2. Oh, wait. Yeah, I should have seen that coming. Queen d2. Ha! Coward. Queen b4.  Bishop g4. Man, it seems like this guy really likes to move his bishop around.  But anyway, that blunders a king. Queen takes d6 check. That pawn was protected by his king by the  way. King c8 is forced. Rook to e8. Checkmate. Mission accomplished. 