 100 rated chess, but you can only take their most extended piece, or pawn.  So in other words, I can only take what is closest to my territory.  Very challenging. We get a 1 24 American.  H3. Ah ha, long time no see, the Clemens opening.  E5. I actually don't know anything about the Clemens opening, so it's actually pretty scary.  G3. Not very aggressive.  D5. I mean if I don't have to capture anything,  I'm not breaking the rules, and the video can last longer.  F3. Very aggressive, I guess he wants to prevent E4, but sadly.  E4. F takes E4.  Bishop D6. I mean I actually cannot checkmate him because his E pawn is the most extended  material right now, but he should be able to see, that taking my pawn is obviously blundering a  checkmate in 1. Right? There we go. You see, always have faith in the 100 rated guys.  I'll take this pawn. D3. Man I have a feeling that this guy is just randomly pushing his pawns here.  Bishop takes G3 check. King E2.  Bishop F5. King D2.  Wow, it is very impressive to see a 100 rated guy seeing that he can move his king to unlock  the way for his bishop to defend a pawn. But anyway, knight C6.  Queen H5. Very aggressive.  Bishop G6, this is actually pretty problematic because now his queen is his most extended piece,  so unless he blunders his queen, I cannot continue to attack his king.  Well. That was very convenient.  Okay so I believe there are a lot of people already typing "paid actor" in the comment,  but please trust me, he's not a paid actor at all, because a paid actor would immediately  resign after blundering his queen instead of offering a draw like this.  Man, that was just a coincidence, and since the video is still so short,  I'll answer some of your comments instead.  You could've put this video "I am sometimes not better than my viewers".  No, I disagree, I'm better than my viewers, and even if sometimes I lose,  I'm still better than my viewers.  Plot twist it actually wasn't a viewer.  Oh, that's right, that actually makes sense because he actually beats me in that game,  and since I'm better than my viewers, it should've been me winning that game instead.  So now I absolutely agree with you that he was actually just pretending to be my viewer.  *quack*  Just fork me please, simp 2022.  Well, actually, this video was produced and published on December 29th, 2021.  *outro music*  *outro music* 