 100 rated chess, but your queen loves violence, she must see every capture, and if your queen  is captured then the video ends. Another impossible challenge, but of course, maybe I'll get some luck.  We get a 189 from the US. E4. Ah ha, so the most popular respond to E4 is E5, but if I play E5,  my queen won't be able to see my E pawn dies in case my opponent just randomly takes it.  Therefore, I'll push David instead. I'm sorry David, but you need to die for the video's sake.  David is dead. My queen obviously saw that murder, so the video continues. Queen takes D5.  And of course the queen sees whatever capture that she delivers herself.  D4. Knight C6. Now he cannot play knight C3 anymore because it blunders a pawn, and with my  queen in the middle of the board, I'll have an easier time navigating my queen to see all of the  captures in the future. C3. Bishop F5. Queen F3. Ah ha, that forks my queen and my bishop, and since  my queen is not allowed to die according to the rules, bishop E4 is kinda forced. I mean bishop  C4 will be pretty problematic because I cannot let my queen dies or take his bishop and cut my  queen's vision towards my bishop, but he should be able to see, that bishop C4 is obviously  blundering a bishop to bishop F3 bishop D5 bishop D5. Right? He saw it. I'll take this pawn then.  In no world do you take this pawn right now just to end my video.  No doubt. That blunders a woman, but since my queen won't be able to see the capture,  I cannot take her due to the rules. Knight F6. It's fine, at least he won't be able to  end my video right now, regardless of how hard he tries to do so. Queen F4. He's trying to target  this pawn, and since my queen doesn't see the capture, I have to prevent that. And again,  now queen takes F6 ends the video because my queen can no longer see my knight being captured,  but I mean who plays like that anyway. Right?  Why is he thinking for so long?  Ha! You know what they say. Always have faith in the 100 rated players. Now I can go bishop C5  baiting him to take my G pawn which blunders queen F2 king D1 I B4 bishop C2 a very obvious  to see and unstoppable checkmate in 3, but since my queen won't be able to see his queen taking my  G pawn, I'll have to end the video even before starting to deliver the checkmate. So I guess,  bishop C2 instead. The idea is much more simple. He moves his knight, I checkmate in 1.  Or he can just abandon the game and give me a free win.  Wow. That was very convenient.  [Music] 