 I'm better than no. It was supposed to be. My viewers. Let's go. Welcome to episode 21 of I'm  better than my viewers. Today's challenger is a guy called Vladivostok. And as you can see right  there, he is very proud to brag about his ratings being over 2000 points. F5. I'll take it. So my  plan should be to take advantage of the open king on this side of the board and try to promote a  pawn for an early checkmate, because there is no way in hell I can break through the center with  all of these materials inside. D6. Ah ha, he's trying to kick my knight away so that he can go  knight C6 forking my queen and rook, and even though queen B6 looks fine, I don't really want  to move my queen to the bad side of the board. Therefore, H3. I'm sorry little horsey, your  sacrifice will never be forgotten. He's dead. Queen takes. Knight takes F5. H2. I'm calculating  knight takes E7 oh no my woman rook G1 check bishop G1 is forced H pawn changes gender with  a checkmate, but since this guy is 2000 rated, there is no way that can ever happen. Right?  No doubt. Queen E6, let's save the maiden first. Rook D5. H4. I mean he put his knight there a  few moves ago to block my rook from infiltrating, so if he can just forget about that and move it  out of the way right now, that will be very convenient. Of course that doesn't happen.  Queen takes F5, the plan is bishop F5 rook G3 bishop G3 I get a new woman king F2 and I also  get a new queen. I'm in his woman, and to be honest, that plan looks like it is very likely  to happen. I'm maidenless. Rook takes G3, I mean he can also choose not to take my rook and play  something like D4 to run his king away, but I think I can win his queen regardless of what he  wants to do. Bishop takes D7 check. And then 10 seconds later, he said. Oh. Well who cares  Rook E6 check. So normally I would have taken this bishop immediately without thinking, but since  this time I'm playing against a 2000 rated opponent, there is no way he is blundering his bishop for  absolutely free. Therefore, I'll play it safe. Well but I mean if he wants to sacrifice his rook next,  I'm pretty sure I'll take it. Of course it doesn't happen. He's offering a draw by repetition,  but I'll refuse for now. Declining a draw offer is actually a big deal to a YouTuber,  because if somehow I lose this game after declining that draw, I can't imagine what  horrible thing people are gonna say in the comment section. Bishop takes G3. I can make a queen now,  but I guess I'll take this first. You know what they say, a real man never rushes to get a new  wife. Wait. I actually think that's wrong. But anyway. D4. H-pawn stonelize check. King D2 rook  takes D1 king takes D1 G2 C5 very aggressive rook B2 and instead of letting me finish the game,  in this very position, my opponent resigned. Therefore, I'm better than my viewers.  [Music] 