 100 rated chess, but it's no knight November, you cannot move your knights, and you must  capture both of your opponent's knights before capturing any other pieces or delivering a check.  Ha! Too easy! We get a 1 52 from Cambodia. A4. D5. The plan is very simple. All I have to do,  is just to trade down my bishops for his knights, and then he's dead. B4. Very aggressive. Bishop G4.  Knight F3 bishop F3 will be very convenient. Bishop B2. It's fine, he'll have to develop his  knight sooner or later. E6. I mean it will be very problematic if he somehow decides to take this  pawn because I cannot take his bishop back due to the rules, but who plays like that anyway?  Right? My god that was close. A5. Since I cannot develop this bishop at the moment,  I'll develop my rook instead. B takes A5. Rook K6. Dude, please just move one of your horses.  Wow! That blunders a bishop, but sadly, I cannot take it. Somehow I have a feeling that this  blunder wasn't an accident. I can already see that this video is so dead. Bishop E4. Queen C1.  Rook C6. Rook A2. Rook C4. I'll be honest, I don't even know what I'm trying to do right now.  Rook B2. Alright, I guess we have no other choices. Bishop A3. That blunders a bishop,  but at this point, I'm willing to sacrifice a bishop just to bring his knight out.  Or not. And if you look closely enough, my bishop is trapped. Have you ever seen a bishop  being trapped while having a fork at the enemy queen and rook at the same time?  H5. Okay freak that side, I'll get the other rook out instead. Rook takes B7. Well, at least now I  can retreat my bishop. Rook takes B8. The challenge didn't say that I cannot lose my knight, so it  doesn't matter. Queen A6. Rook B6. Queen A8. Rook B8. Queen C6. Rook B6. Queen D7. Well, at least  he won't be able to continue attacking my queen. Rook C6. That blunders a rook for I don't know  how many times already. But rook B4. After all that time, I finally have a chance to directly  attack one of his knights. Rook C7. And my queen is trapped. Have you ever seen a queen being trapped  in her own house and by two pieces that have been blundered for 20 moves in a row? But anyway. I'll  take this knight first. Well I mean at least he should be able to see, that taking my queen right  now is obviously blundering rook takes C1 backrank checkmate in one. Right? Rook C1 is against the  rules. Rook B4 instead. It's fine, we're halfway there. As soon as I can take the other horsey,  I'll be able to play the game like a normal person. Rook E7 check. King F8 is forced. Please  don't tell me that you're gonna go rook E8 forcing me to take your rook and end my own video.  F***!  [Music] 