 100 rated chess, but two queens, or more, cannot be on the same diagonal, file, and row.  Of course, the women must not die. I normally don't take on impossible challenges,  but since it's about the women, I really cannot refuse. We get a 100 rated from Palestine.  I mean the queens are obviously on the same file right now, which is against the rules,  but since there is nothing I can do about it, let's just say, that the starting position,  doesn't count. E4. The plan is simple. Move the queen, and that's all. E5. Alright, queen f3 is  very natural, but there is also a big chance that he will play queen f6 as well to end the video,  queen e2 is safer, but he can also play queen e7, not to mention that I will be blocking my light  square bishop. Therefore, queen h5 is kinda forced. I mean there are still queen g5 and  queen h4 ending the video, but who plays like that anyway. Right? Of course, that blunders a rook to  queen takes e5 forking his king and rook, but if I play that, he can also play queen e7 to block  the check, which also ends the video. So I guess, queen h3. At least I think queen g3 will definitely  keep the video safe for a while. D6. Queen g3. Perfect, the g3 square is such an amazing position  for my queen, and in no world do you play queen g5 or queen h4 now. Absolutely. Bishop c4. Knight h6.  D3. Somehow it seems like he is trying to take over the sides of the board instead of the center.  A4. Bishop g5. I mean I wasn't allowed to capture his queen, but there was no rule saying that I  cannot attack her. Well, there is also no rule saying that he cannot blunder his queen either.  Queen f3. Oh no my bishop, and even though there is a small chance that he may mouse slip his queen  on f6 instead, but such absurd thing won't just happen at this exact time. Right? Yeah, that's  right. Queen takes f7. Checkmate. Mission accomplished, but since the video is still  pretty short, I'll answer some of your comments instead. For some reason, for the first half of  the video, I thought the backrow pawns could move backwards to check the white king. Ha! Only half  the video, what a noob. I thought that for the entire game that I was playing with that guy,  and I'm also sure that that guy also thinks of the same thing. I would like an ordinary game of  five minutes with him to prove he is not better than all of his viewers. Ha! In your dream,  that will never happen.  (background music) 