 100 rated chess, but every move you make must share a letter, or number, with the previous move.  It sounds pretty challenging, but actually, I have a plan. We get a 188 from Russia,  and as I've mentioned before, chess.com censored the Russian flag due to the Ukraine war.  E4. E5. For those of you who can't understand the challenge, my last move was E. 5,  which means my next move has to consist an E or a 5, like knight E7, D5, queen E7,  or you get the idea. Knight F3. Ah ha, now queen E7 is the only move that can protect my E pawn,  and I don't like that at all, therefore, D5. This is called the elephant gambit,  and as you have guessed, I know nothing about this thing.  E takes D4. I really want to play E4, but since my last move was D5, E4 shares no letter with D5,  so I guess, queen takes D5. B3. C5. Let's be hyper-aggressive. Bishop C4. Ah ha,  it's time to execute the plan that I had before the game begins. Now I need to move my queen to  a square that has either a C, or a 5, and the only square is, queen C6. Knight takes E5. That  forks my queen and my F7 pawn, but actually, I think that is a bad move. Queen takes G2. Oh,  wait. I think that was my best move, but if he decides to check me now instead of moving his  rook, I will have to move my king, and the moves of king E7 and king D8 actually share no letter  with queen takes G2, which means I will be ending my own video. Ha! Nevermind. Queen back to E4  check. My plan was very simple. I think it would be hard to just develop and play the game normally  if I have to follow the rules, therefore, I need a piece that is strong enough to be moved over and  over again, and as you may have guessed, it's the queen, because every time I move my queen,  they all share the same word, of woman. Queen E2. Ah ha, now queen takes E2 is the best move,  but if I trade queens, that will ruin my plan of moving the queen for the entire game,  and I believe that I won't be able to last long if my queen dies either. Therefore, queen takes  C2. Ok I obviously know that was a really bad move, but based on my experience from playing  against the 100 rated players, there is a big chance that he will play queen D1 next instead  of delivering a devastating discovered check. Ha! I told you so. Queen back to E4. Queen back to E2,  queen back to C2. Queen back to D1, queen back to E4 again. Queen back to E2 again,  and then queen back to C2. Draw by repetition. Ha! Mission, accomplished.  ♫ Winston-Louis  ♫ Winston-Louis  ♫ Winston-Louis  ♫ Winston-Louis 