 100 rated chess, but your pieces, and pawns, have anger issues, a piece, or pawn, cannot  capture unless when it is attacked, and from then on, it is only allowed to do moves with  captures. Sounds absolutely impossible, but of course, I'm not a coward. We get a 1 24  from Brazil. E4. It's fine, all we have to do is to win, while trying our best to avoid  as many captures as possible. E5. D4. The plan is simple, E takes D4, C3, D takes E3,  bishop C4, C takes B2 will be attacking my bishop so I can go bishop takes B2. A perfect  Danish gambit. Nevermind. I'm attacking this pawn, but he's also attacking my pawn, therefore,  D takes E5. Knight takes E5. F4. I mean even if he decides to leave his knight here, I  actually cannot take it because this pawn is not being attacked by anything, but who  plays like that anyway? Right? Of course. F5 is just blundering queen H4 queen E4 queen  H1. Therefore, knight F3. In no world do you take this pawn and then laugh into my face  because I cannot take your knight due to the rules. Are you serious? Knight C3. Bishop  E7. Bishop C4. I mean he should be able to see, that knight takes G2 check is just blundering  a horsey after king F2 knight H4 queen D5 knight H6 bishop takes H6 and then he'll have  to castle instead of taking my bishop back. Right? Of course he sees it. G3. Well actually  if he retreats his bishop right now, I still won't be able to take his knight due to the  rules, but most people will just make a desperado here. Right? Knight G2 check. That traps a  horsey. Bishop takes G3. I'm attacking his bishop, and he's also attacking my pawn, therefore,  H takes G3. Knight F6. And again, I still cannot take this knight, due to the rules.  This horsey is f***ing invincible. Knight G5. Let's try to checkmate him real fast before  his other horsey can cause the same amount of destruction. Knight takes E4 check. That  knight is also attacking my knight, therefore, that blunders a horsey. F6. I'll take this  pawn. Queen E7. Queen H5 check. Queen F7. Ah ha! My woman is attacking his woman, and since  his woman is also attacking my woman, there can only be one woman wins. King D8 is forced.  Ah ha! That blunders a king to knight G5 rook E8 knight E6 rook E6 rook H8 rook E8 rook  E8 checkmate in 4, but since the rules said after capturing, a piece can only make moves  with captures. So I guess, knight takes F6. He should be able to see, that rook takes  H1 is just blundering queen to E8 checkmate in 1. Right? That is very convenient. Queen  takes F8. Checkmate. Mission, accomplished.  [Music] 