 100 rated chess, but enemy pawns have very long weapons, your pieces, not pawns, must never be in  a square within 2 tiles in front of an enemy pawn. Very challenging. Developing a knight first is  obviously a bad idea because for example knight f3 gets f5 ends the video, knight c3 gets e5 ends  the video, and same thing with the other 2 moves. Therefore, e4, e5. I still don't want to develop  my horsey because it's too risky, d4 is also bad because after he takes, queen takes is just asking  him to end my video, and if I don't take he can push d3 the move after and still ends the video.  So I guess, f4. I mean there'll be some problems if he decides to take, but based on my Guinness  World Record experience about the 100 rated players, I'm pretty sure that he'll give a check.  Ha! There we go. g3. Queen f6. I'll take this pawn. Alright, now his e-file doesn't have a  pawn anymore, I now can develop all of my pieces onto the e-file without having to worry about  anything at all. Queen takes, aha, I really want to go knight c3, but maybe he'll go c5 to end my  video, therefore, d3. Slow and steady. Bishop e7. Not very aggressive. Knight f3, well I mean now  f5 immediately ends the video, but who plays like that anyway. Right? Of course, but that move is  actually not that good for me. So I guess, knight d4, I want him to block one of his remaining  pawns with his queen so that I can have another free file to use, and in no world do you push  your d-pawn here. That is perfect. Bishop e3. Alright, now with his queen is also blocking  his d-pawn, I'm literally having 2 center files to play here, which is to say, that there is  absolutely no chance for him to end my video. c5. Very aggressive. I'll go back. Again, f5 ends the  video, but since it's just straight up blundering a pawn, there's no way he's gonna play like that.  Right? No doubt. That blunders a pawn. Ha, and with that, I now have one more free file to play with.  f6. I really want to go bishop f4 to gain a tempo, but as you can see, I'm not a fool that end my  own video. Therefore, bishop e3. Knight h6. Ah ha, that blunders a horsey, but of course I cannot  take it due to the rules, and since his idea is so obvious that he wants to support his f-pawn to go  to f5, therefore, bishop h3. Now f5 is no longer available, and since he's hanging his knight over  here, it is time that he moves it away. It feels like every single time my opponent makes a move  that ends my video, Stockfish always has to say "Good."  [Music] 