 100 rated chess, but it's September the 11th, you must only use your towers and pawns to win the game.  If you lose any of the towers, the video ends. Let's just hope that I won't get demonetized.  We get a 151 from Canada. I can only play with rooks and the useless soldiers,  so the first move is quite obviously... h4. The famous card is opening.  g6. Not very aggressive. Rook h3. d6. Ah ha, he wants to crash my tower, so I have to move it.  It's actually really sad to think that the US couldn't move their towers to another place like  I'm doing right now. e5. Queen h5 will be very annoying. g3. Bishop g4. I'll move it again.  Knight c6. Ah ha, I can take this pawn, but if I do it right now, he can go rook b8 which  actually traps my rook and can force a rook trade. Therefore, I'll push this pawn instead.  Knight d4. Ha, now I can take this pawn. Rook b8 doesn't trap my tower anymore,  and in no world do you take this pawn right here to force me end my own video.  No world, including this one.  Of course. I don't really like rook a3 that is too easy to be attacked by the opposite bishop.  a5. Making room for rook a4. Knight f6. Rook a4. If he could move his knight to another place  right now to blunder his bishop, that will be very convenient. Sadly he's not a paid actor.  Rook b4 setting up a trap for long castle and rook b8 a very nasty checkmate in one,  but based on how this guy has been playing, I don't think he knows how to castle yet.  So I guess. Rook c4. d5. I'll take this pawn. In no world do you take my rook right now.  Bishop d6. Wait. Now what am I supposed to do? He blunders a queen, but knight takes his end in  the video, and if I move this rook out of the bishop's attack, the other rook dies to the queen,  so instead of me attacking his queen, it's actually him pinning my rook to my other rook.  What kind of tactic is this? Well anyway, I think I have to capture. I mean a backward knight move  is very difficult to see, and who knows, maybe he'll resign after losing his woman.  [Music] 