 Alright, since we've finished setting up the board, let's decide how the things are gonna move.  Okay then, I guess we should start with the soldiers.  Yeah, that sounds fair.  But I suggest we should come up with a good name to call them other than soldiers.  Oh, that sounds like an absolutely wonderful idea.  This way we can show our respect to our soldiers by calling them in a more respectful way, pawns.  You know, I actually think that the word pawn sounds like a downgrade from soldiers.  And that is exactly what I meant.  Okay then.  Okay cool, so back to the original plan of deciding how these pawns should be moving around in our game.  Yeah, so my suggestion is that they should be allowed to go in straight lines in any directions they want but it's only one square.  Oh wait, that sounds like what we do.  Well, I mean all human beings are the same so they obviously can do whatever we can.  Well, but we're technically in charge here and they are our pawns so they shouldn't be on equal power as us, right?  Okay, so tell me your suggestion.  I suggest they only move forward. All the other directions are forbidden.  Oh my god that sounds like a massive downgrade from my suggestion.  No wait wait wait. How about we let them move two squares in their first move?  Well okay now that sounds a bit more fair.  But how about also allowing them to go backward?  I mean sometimes they also need to go back to their home to visit their lovely wife and son who are always waiting for them to come back.  No.  Okay that's fair. So I guess we also agree that they attack forward the same as they move right?  Oh no no no no. I'll say they attack diagonally.  Wait that doesn't make any sense.  Yeah you know, a bit of controversy. They go forward, and then when the opponent offside is not paying attention to them, our useless pawns can deliver the unexpected strike.  Oh I don't think we should be making these pawns so complicated as we also have the generals who haven't been decided how to move yet.  Oh you know what, let's make it even more complicated by adding something very weird in their way of attacking.  Oh no I don't like where this is going but please go ahead.  Yeah I'll say that we should add something French.  Wait what are the French doing here?  Oh you know I always like to add French stuff into things. Like a little bit of French here, a little bit of French there. It makes things perfect.  Well I guess we should just leave this French topic for another day.  Yeah that's fine too. Now how about we come up with some names for the pawns?  Wait didn't their parents already give them a name when they were born?  Yeah I mean they did but don't you think it takes too much time to go out and ask each and every one of those pawns what their name is and try to remember it?  Oh that's right there are just too many of them out there.  Yeah I can't even count.  Okay so the pawn in the A section should have a name that starts with an A. Okay let's see. How about...  Ah. Rah. Nah. Rah. Oh that sounds like a great name but it somehow makes me feel like I have a lot of things to do.  But don't you think that it also sounds very friendly and related a lot to music?  Okay so let's just leave the A pawn for another day. How about the B pawn?  Okay so it starts with a B? Yeah let's come up with something very creative. Okay let's see.  Bomb. Bomb. Bah.  Coup d'un?  What the f-  What the f-  [Music] 