 100 rated chess, but you cannot checkmate until your king visits all four corners of the board.  Wow. Impossible. We get a 2 1 1 from Australia. With diamond membership. E4. E5. So in order to  be able to move my king around, I believe that the most important thing right now is development.  I'm planning to gambit 2 pawns for a head lead in development, castle my king, and then go to  this corner first. Nevermind. That move ruined my entire plan. But anyway. Knight c3. Well I mean  with his queen out like this, there are also a lot of chances that I can develop my pieces with  free tempos. Knight c6. Not very aggressive. Knight f3. Queen back to f6. Ah ha, now knight d5  queen d8 e takes d5 is obviously the best continuation, but that will keep his queen safe,  and since I will have to move my king around the board, I think that it's better to keep his queen  out in the open. Therefore, bishop g5, this way, his queen cannot go back to d8. Queen g6. Knight  b5 looks really strong, but I'm kinda scared about a counterattack. So I guess. D5. Knight d4.  I'll take this pawn. Queen takes g5. Queen takes d4. D6. Ah ha, now there is queen a4 check,  which forces king e7, but in such situation, I strongly believe that he will blunder his king  to bishop d7 and queen takes d7 mate, but since I haven't moved my king around the board yet,  I cannot deliver such check mate, which means the situation will actually become that both my queen  and my knight are under attack. Therefore, I guess I'll have to go with, knight back to f3.  Bishop g4. That blunders a woman. But should I even take it, though, because if I take his queen,  he will be very sad, and will also be down 10 points in materials,  which may lead to an instant resignation, which is against the rules.  You know what? I think it's fine. Knight takes g5. As a wise man once said,  no man abandons his battlefield, just because of a woman.  What the fo- Oh, wait. The mission said that I have to move my king before a checkmate,  but there were no checkmates this game, so I guess. Mission. Kinda accomplished.  [MUSIC PLAYING]  [MUSIC PLAYING]  [MUSIC PLAYING]  (upbeat music)  (upbeat music) 