 100 rated chess, but your king is stinky, you can only move your pieces, and pawns,  further away from him. Well I mean an easier solution to this is just to take the king to a  shower, but I guess war doesn't wait for anyone. Edward forward, I mean pushing a pawn is absolutely  moving the pawn away from the king, unless the king is in front of the pawn. Knight f6. e5.  Knight e4. d3. Knight c5. d4. Knight e4. That blunders a horsey. f3, I mean if he goes knight  g5, bishop takes g5 will also put my bishop into trouble because I cannot retreat my bishop  according to the rules, but at least I'll take a pawn before my bishop dies. Nevermind. F takes e4.  Knight takes d4. Ah ha, now things get interesting. That blunders a horsey, but if I take it,  that will put my queen pretty far away from my king, and I won't be able to retreat her,  ever again. Well, but I'm not a coward. Queen takes d4, I mean as long as he doesn't attack  my queen, it's fine. e6. Knight f3. Okay this move looks like I've just broken the rules,  but actually, my knight was originally 2 squares away from my king, but the knight on f3 actually  has a square root of 5 distance to my king, and as far as I can see, square root of 5,  is bigger than 2, which means that move did not break the rules. Bishop e4 check. Very aggressive.  That blunders a bishop. Again, that move has just put my queen even further away from my king,  which even further restricts my queen's movement. But of course, I'm not a coward.  C5. Ah ha, that blunders a pawn, and in case you're wondering, that still puts my queen further away  from my king, because queen on b4 is 3 times square root of 2, and queen on c5 is 2 times  square root of 5, and you can compare those numbers. d6. Again, queen takes d6. And I'm  not gonna explain the numbers again, you can calculate them yourself if you want to.  Queen trade. Ah ha. Perfect. I mean my queen was so far away from my king already,  so a queen trade is kinda forced if I don't want to lose my woman for free.  Castle. Bishop d3 bishop d7 e5 a5 h4 ok c8 g4 let's be aggressive bishop a4. Ah ha,  he is obviously aiming for my c2 pawn, therefore, knight a3, and when you think about it, that is  actually the only square that my knight can go to, and since my c-pawn is now defended by 2 pieces,  in no world do you take my c-pawn right now. Well, maybe this world is an exception. Of course I  can't go knight c2, and bishop take c2 is actually putting my bishop in a square that has the same  distance to my king, and as the rule said, I can only move further away from the king,  so equal distance is also not allowed here. Bishop b5. Ok I'm not gonna care about that,  let's just try to promote David. Rook c3. Man the crazy moves are really swarming in now.  That blunders a rook, but again, that puts my pawn closer to the king, which is against the rules.  Therefore, bishop g5. Oh no my horsey. Rook takes f3. David to d7. Rook e3 check. That blunders the  rook again, but again, that is against the rules. King d2. The rules said I have to move my pieces  away from the king, but it didn't say that I cannot move my king closer to my pieces,  so that move is still a legal move. Bishop e4. King take c3. Man, maybe using the king is the  best way to do this challenge. Bishop c6. Man these moves are starting to be so random right now.  David forward, and change to a rook. I mean he's gonan take anyway, so it doesn't matter.  Well. I guess it matters now. Bishop e7. Now he has to take. Or not. That blunders a king to rook  takes f8 checkmate in 1, but that actually puts my rook in a same distance away from my king,  which is against the rules, but then f*** the rules because I cannot use any of my rooks anymore  since all the moves are just putting it closer to my king. Therefore, rook takes f8 checkmate,  and since I ended my own video, there's no what the f*** today.  [Music] 