 I'm better than my viewers. No doubt about that. Ladies and gentlemen and everyone else,  welcome to another I'm better than my viewers video, and the viewer this time is a guy called  B Roja, with a rating of whopping 2200 points. And don't judge my pronunciation. King takes d1 is  forced, having to play a forced move as the first move against a 2200 master is definitely not the  greatest start ever. B5. That forks my queens, but I'll take this knight first. B takes c4. This is  way too dangerous, so even though I really don't want to do it, I have to take this pawn. Knight  b6, he forks my queens again, I mean what is the point of having many queens when they always get  forked. But anyway, I'll take this pawn, I mean a desperado will make my center totally undefended,  which can be really dangerous for my king. A4. And he went as far as making a zwischensunk  before taking my queen. Queen takes knight takes and there is still no way for me to defend my  center because queen c2 is blundering knight e3 royal fork. So I guess. E4. I mean who knows,  maybe he'll sacrifice his rook into this pawn and give me a chance to turn the tide of the game.  Of course that doesn't happen. Pawn takes knight takes pawn takes pawn takes pawn takes.  Pawn push. I'll sacrifice another woman, I mean after opening up the center,  the best thing to do is obviously to get at least one queen into action.  Knight takes queen. Queen takes knight. I'm developing a horsey. I'll take this bishop.  B takes c3 allowing my queen to go out is definitely expected. Or not. That was computer's  best move by the way. Queen takes f4. I mean even though I have an active queen, the situation still  looks very hopeless for me. D takes e4. E takes b4. A direct attack at his king can also be  considered in the future. Bishop d5. I'll take this pawn. Knight e6. I'll take this pawn too.  Man, just how many pawns does this guy have? G5. Ah ha. Now if I take this pawn with my queen,  he will have knight f4 forcing me to move my queen back again, which wasted 2 moves in a row.  Therefore, I'll take with pawn. He plays knight f4 regardless. B5. Alright, this side is already  dead for me, let's just try our luck on attacking his king. Nevermind. G2, making a path for my  queen to go out. King b6 queen f1 rook e3. And in this position, I thought that everything is  hopeless after rook d3 check, so after spending like an hour on the clock without finding any  solutions, I randomly played queen f2, and guess what, he retreated his rook instead.  This guy knows for sure he is about to win, so he just wants to mess with me. So I guess,  I'll speed up the game. And in this position, I resigned. But even though he won the game,  he started in a better position, so let's say, I'm better than my viewers,  but this random guy who likes to torture people, is equal to me.  *outro* 