 I'm better than my viewers. Queen assassin. I don't know what's going on with these chuny  titles right here. But well, I'll respect your hobby. The challenger this time is a guy called  Beef, and so far, he is the highest rated viewer in this series. My bishop is eyeing down his queen,  but D4 is obviously blundering queen E6 king C5 knight A6 king B5 queen C6 king A5 B6 checkmate  in four with a pawn, therefore, D3. Queen H4. Very aggressive. That queen is obviously trying  to prevent my king from going back, but it can be solved. With E4, I mean he can win a pawn,  but I'm willing to sacrifice a pawn to move my king back. Knight C6. Let's move back. Man I feel  like just one mistake and I'm dead. B5. Of course I'm not gonna take that pawn. King C3. Aha, now  he finally takes that pawn. Queen E2. Normally you don't want to trade queens when you're down  in materials, but this game is not very normal as far as I can see. B4 check. King D2. Man this guy  is 1500 and he's letting my king get away really easy, I'll be honest that I was expecting a little  bit more challenging plays from him. Queen trade. Bishop takes, E5 A3 B takes knight takes F5.  That blunders a pawn. Man, at this point, people are so gonna call this guy a paid actor.  Knight F6. Knight F3. Bishop C5. I was hoping that he would take my knight so only I have the  bishop there, but since he didn't do it, I'll have to make good use of this knight. Knight C4. I  think that move was pretty bad, but the situation is very tactical that it's not very easy for him  to find a good move. D6. C3. Bishop takes F5. B4. Now I'm gonna trade his bishop down, unless he  has enough testosterone to play bishop F2. Or that. Wow. This guy just really doesn't want to give up  his bishop. I'll take that knight. Bishop takes, king C2. Okay, the situation is 3 pawns for a  horsey, but I think my position is a little bit better than his. Long castle. That blunders a  pawn. Bishop C5 rook A5 rook H E8. In this position, there is a brilliant move for white,  so please feel free to pause the video to find it, while I don't give you any seconds to do so,  and the move is. Knight takes E5. I mean the idea is pretty obvious that this pawn is being  overloaded, so I actually don't know why Stockfish is so obsessed about it. Bishop B4 rook A8 check  king B7 bishop F3 check D5 rook takes D8 rook takes D8 bishop E3 king A6 knight C6. And in this  position, my opponent resigned. Therefore, I'm better than my viewers.  [Music] 