 100 rated chess, but the bishops can't die, and after round 3, any pieces, not pawns,  they touch become holy and can't kill anymore.  Sounds very impossible.  It is very obvious that my C file bishop is the most annoying piece because it is touching  my queen.  Therefore, d4, I need to move this piece of crap away from my queen before we reach move  4.  d5.  Here we go.  Bishop g5, I mean bishop f4 was more natural, but I don't want this bishop to touch my knight  on f3 in the future, provided that he doesn't attack me now and make me waste a move instead  of moving my knight out.  Nevermind.  I'll go back this way.  Knight c6.  Ok, now the challenge truly begins.  My king, my g knight, his queen, his king, and his g knight, must never capture anything  from now on.  Knight f3.  In no world do you take this pawn here.  No doubt.  e3, I mean my bishop still has his own value, so I'll try to find a way to use it without  harming the video.  b5.  Ah ha, the mission said the pieces that touch the bishops won't be able to capture, so that  obviously doesn't affect the bishops themselves, because the bishops never touch themselves  like you guys do.  Therefore, I'll take this pawn.  Ok no one argues about that, and now since my bishop is also touching this knight, this  knight now cannot take anything, so in no world do you take my pawn now.  Of course.  I'll go back, ok even though my bishop isn't touching his knight anymore, his knight still  must not capture anything, so once again, in no world do you take my pawn here.  a5.  Very aggressive.  Knight e5, in no world do you- oh.  Wait.  When you really think about it, that is actually his best move.  My bad.  Man, this video is so f***ed now, because it was me taking away his capturing right,  and then it was also me giving him a capture that is literally the best move.  It feels like I'm actually the paid actor in this video.  Ha.  Nevermind.  I'll take this animal, ok now in no world you take my bishop.  Of course.  And resignation.  I mean that was such a mess, but we made it in the end.  [outro music] 