 Day 12,000,300  No. That's a lie. No one can live that long. Shame on you.  Alright. 100 rated chess, but open files, and half open files, paralyze any pieces, and pawns, on that same file.  For those of you who don't know, an open file means a file that doesn't have any pawns,  and a half open file means a file that only have pawns of the same color.  And with that out of the way, let's start the game. We get a 2-2-2 from the US.  With diamond membership.  Man, I feel like every single American bought the membership for some reasons.  E4, pushing pawns in a pawn challenge sounds like a really bad idea, but you know, a real man never run away from a challenge.  E5, knight F3.  F6. That blunders a pawn, but in my experience, every time I take that pawn, my opponent usually take back,  which blunders a rook to queen H5 G6 queen takes E5 forking the king and rook.  But sadly, in that position, my opponent doesn't have the E pawn anymore, which means the E file is half open,  which means everything on the E file must not move, which means my queen cannot take his rook.  So I guess, bishop C4, there's no reason to risk the entire video just because of a free pawn.  Knight H6. D3. The plan is simple, win the game without losing any pawns, or taking any pawns.  A6. Not very aggressive. I'll take this horsey.  After G takes H6, the G file will become a half open file, which means everything on that file must not move,  but you know, there aren't many things on that file anyway.  B5. Ah ha, that blunders a pawn, but if his bishop takes, that will put his bishop on a half open G file,  which is not good for the video, and if I save this bishop, B takes will make his B file half open  and then a move like knight C6 will immediately end the video.  Therefore, bishop B3 is kinda forced.  Forgive me dark bishop, I have to let you die.  Or not.  Bishop takes F8. Alright, now that bishop will die for real.  Rook takes. Castle. It's a miracle that we're already at move 8 but no pawns have died yet.  C5. He obviously wants to go C4 to attack my bishop, and even though it blunders a pawn,  big chance that he doesn't see that.  Therefore, A3. With this move, I'm trying to tell him that even if C4 happens, my bishop can always retreat.  Yeah, he saw it.  Bishop D5. Alright, now please stop pushing pawns for no reason.  Bishop B7. That blunders a bishop. Perfect situation, I got into his territory, without killing any pawns.  K7. I'll go back, and with my bishop causing chaos in his territory, there's no way he'll continue to move his pawns.  Nevermind. I'll take it.  Oh, wait. I obviously should've pushed.  Well, my bad, but I think it's fine.  C takes before. Yeah, now the A file and C file pieces and pawns must not move,  but since he doesn't have anything on the C file, that file is trash, and about the A file,  well, beginners don't move their rooks a lot, and a move like A5 doesn't make any sense.  Therefore, no worries.  Knight D2.  Knight D7. Knight B3.  It's fine, everything is still under control.  Or not.  What the f-  What the f-  [outro music] 