 I'm better than my viewers. And that looks fun. Welcome to episode 14 of I'm better than my  viewers. And today's challenger is a guy called the king of prudence. Let's see if he's as prudent  as he thinks he is. I'll take this first. The idea is if he takes with a pawn, he'll be closing down  his file while I still have my half opened file. Exactly as planned. But now comes the real problem.  You see, if I take this rook, rook takes rook rook takes rook rook takes rook, his rook will have a  completely free file to play and soon will eliminate all of my pawns over here to make a  harem of four women. Therefore, I have to make a waiting move. The idea is I let his rook takes  first and then I'll take his rook with my pawn, which opens up the way for my rook to go out.  There we go. G takes. The situation is actually still very bad after he takes my pawn,  so I mean if he can just not take the pawn for one move, that will be very convenient.  I think we can all agree that a viewer is obviously not a paid actor.  H3. Ha, now I can finally have a normal game when only being down a rook.  B takes C4. I don't really want to trade down materials when I'm being down a full rook.  Therefore, rook B2. I mean that move was pretty meaningless if he takes,  but you know, there is always a chance that he won't.  Ha, I always have faith in my viewers. Rook F1. Alright I know that was a really bad move  because that allows him to sacrifice, but I need to make progress or the game will be staled.  Now he takes. C takes, opening up the king should be good for the future,  and now the question is does he have the testosterone to sacrifice his rook?  And he does. G takes H3. Rook takes H3. Rook F3. You may ask why rook F3 and not rook F8 to  counterattack on his pawns. Well, in my defense, I think we can all agree, that we all do blunder  rooks endgames sometimes in our lives, and to be honest, I think rook F3 is actually not that bad.  Rook H1. Ah ha, he's threatening rook take C1 checkmate in 1, so I guess, king C1. No panic,  I actually calculated everything that if he really chooses to check me and grab my pawns on the A  file, he is actually slower than me taking all of his pawns on the G file. Rook take C1 check.  King D2. Please take this pawn. Very convenient. Rook F8. Rook takes A2. Rook takes G8. Ha, now  you can see, that even though he got to the base of the pawns first, he now actually needs to take  my B pawn first before taking my A3 pawn, so it will be rook B2 rook G7 rook A2 again rook G6  rook A3 rook G5 and I am faster. Rook takes B2. Well the plan was supposed to be rook takes G6,  but in this position, there is actually an even better move, so if you're interested,  please feel free to pause the video to find the absolute best move for white, while I don't give  you any seconds to do so because people skipped the video, and for those of you who were able to  find the move, congratulations, and for those of you who paused the video but still couldn't find  the move, do so I mean maybe you just want to enjoy the show, and the move was king C1 rook A2  king B1 rook A3 king B2 rook A4 and the rook is trapped. Rook takes G6. Rook sacrifice. C takes  C takes rook G6 A4, and since this is just a normal rook versus pawns endgame with an unactive king,  there's no way I'll be losing this even against Magnus Carlsen, so after a few more moves,  I made a new queen, king B3 queen E6 king B4 queen C4 king A3 rook A2. Checkmate. I'm better than my  viewers.  [Music] 