 100 rated chess, but your pawns and pieces can't cross the halfway line.  Very short, but very challenging. We get a 100 rated American. For those of you guys who don't  know. This, is the halfway line, which means I cannot move anything in my army past this line.  E4. The plan is simple. Sacrifice all of the pawns, so I can use my rooks to checkmate his  king from far away. E5. D4. First pawn to die. Perfect. C3. Second pawn to die. Or not.  Taking this pawn is obviously the best move now, but since the challenge doesn't allow me to move  over to his side of the board, taking the full center actually doesn't have much affection as  it usually do. Therefore, Bc4. Let's continue giving away the pawns. Qh4. Ah ha. First of all.  Very aggressive. Secondly, Bd5 should be the best move, but the rule doesn't allow me to do that,  and a move like Bd3 makes me look like a coward. Therefore, G4. Ha. I bet you've never seen that  move before. Ne5. Wow. This has to be the first time I've ever seen a 100-rated guy seeing a fork.  Nf3. I think Stockfish might have wanted me to take his pawn and let my G-pawn die,  but I don't like that at all. Nxc4. Ha, that blunders a woman, and since the woman is already  in our side of the board, I can take it. Alright, change of plan. The original plan was to open up  the board and checkmate his king from 100 miles away, but now since I've taken down his queen,  let's just try to make him resign. D3. I can feel the desperation in that move. Qxd3. Ne5.  Very aggressive. Let's just go back, it's still a bit too early to bring my queen out,  especially when I don't have that many squares to move to. Bc5. Castle. Maybe castle was not  a good decision, but who cares anyway. D6. That attacks the G-pawn, but as I mentioned before,  if the pawns die, there will be more space for my other pieces. Therefore, b4. Bb6. a4. Push M baby!  Dude. I said push M, not take M. Qb3. I mean he's almost ran out of time, so I'm pretty sure that  I will win this game, as long as I don't end my own video. Nf3 check. Very desperate for a check.  And he didn't even take back. Ng5 is obviously the best move, but of course, I need to control  myself. Rook e1. And there we go. Wow. I didn't even think that this challenge was doable.  Mission accomplished.  [outro] 