 100 rated chess, but the floor is lava. Every 10 moves lava rises 1 rank, any of your pieces  or pawns caught in lava can no longer move. You know, 10 sounds like a little bit too much,  so let's just change it to 5. Too easy. We get a 1 26 from Italy. E4. We only have 5 moves to  move the pieces out, so the plan is to get at least the queen, the light square bishop,  and probably another knight if we still have time. D5. Ah ha, that is actually really bad,  because if I develop my queen now, D takes E4 will force me to move my queen again,  which means I'll be wasting a move, but of course, I have no other choices. Now all we can do is hope  that he won't attack my queen. Very convenient. Bishop E2. Queen E6. Very aggressive. Knight C3.  If he still decides to not take my pawn for 1 more move, I guess we can develop 1 more horsey.  Nevermind. Knight takes E4. Alright, now the challenge truly begins, all of these pieces  can no longer move, and after 5 more moves, the 2nd rank pawns also won't be able to move.  Knight H6. D4. Let's try to push as many pawns as possible, and also get this bishop out of the  2nd rank. Knight C6. Ah ha, that blunders a horsey to D5 forking 2 pieces, so even though I should be  pushing pawns right now, winning a piece is definitely better. Queen takes D5. That blunders  a queen. Knight F6 check. Brilliant move by the way. He takes F6, queen takes D5, okay that is  actually not even good because even though I won his queen, it is already move 9, which means I  desperately need him to not attack my queen in his next move so that I can at least move my bishop  out of the 2nd rank. That was not very convenient. Queen B5. Man, maybe changing 10 to 5 was a little  bit too much. King D8. Very aggressive. Queen takes B7. Now bishop B4 is ending the video because  the only move I can defend the check is by sacrificing my queen, and then after knight  takes, I will have nothing else to move. Ha! Very convenient. Taking this knight is a safer choice  because it will disallow bishop B4 in the future, but since his king has already blocked away his  bishop's way, I'll take this rook first. It's fine, I'll take this horsey next, unless he decides to  move his king again to defend his knight and open the way for his bishop. But I mean who would want  to move their king 3 moves in a row anyway? Right? Queen B7. Well, I mean maybe he'll get scared of  my queen controlling the B4 square and decide not to play that move, and in this very position,  something unexpected happened. The video crashed, but I'll tell you what happened anyway,  queen takes B4 is forced, and he took my queen, so I had to end the video.  [Music] 