 100 rated chess, but your pieces, and pawns, are always right, you cannot move them, leftward.  Now this is really challenging. E3, aha, since the challenge only forbids me from going to the left,  I think it's safe to say, that I can go straight forward. Queen f3. Very aggressive.  D5, I mean if he can just blunder his bishop now, that would be very convenient. Sadly he's not a  paid actor. C6, well if he takes my C-horn now, I actually cannot take back due to the rules,  but he should be able to see, that it is so obviously blundering his bishop. Right?  Of course. But still, that blunders a 4, oh wait I just blundered my horn.  Yeah. That's right. I've just realized that if he does a desperado like that,  I actually cannot take his bishop because I cannot move my pawns to the left.  My bad. Knight f6, alright who cares about a pawn anyway, especially if it's just an Edward.  Bishop d3. Knight a6, now my knight actually cannot move anymore because all of the other  moves are going to the left, so if he can take it right now, that would be very helpful.  Knight h3. Ah ha, I think he's just trying to say that if I can do it, he can do it too.  Bishop d6. Ha, now it's my time to say, if he can do it, I can do it too.  Knight f4. Very aggressive. Since I cannot castle due to the rules, I guess the easiest way to use  my rook is h5. Okay now don't tell me that you're gonna take this pawn like what you did with your  bishop. Ha, he probably thinks that if his bishop can survive last time, his knight can survive it  too, but this time, I actually have. Knight takes d5, and in no world do you take my knight here,  and when I say in no world, I actually included this one that we're living in as well.  Thank you. B takes a6. G4. That blunders a pawn. Again, in no world do you take this pawn as well.  Man, I guess this guy really hates the pawns. That blunders a woman but I cannot move my bishop  to the left, so I guess, g6. Queen c4. Bishop e7. I mean if he really decides to take my pawn,  I won't be able to take his queen because of the rules, but this is so obvious to see,  that my bishop obviously defending my pawn. Right? Yes. King d7 is forced. No need to panic,  I actually expected this from the beginning because we got the black pieces that has the  king on the left side of the board, but the problem now is that there is actually no way  for me to make any progress to attack him, especially when his king is still very safe  in the middle of three pawns here. Ha! Nevermind. Mission accomplished.  [Music] 