 100 rated chess, but you have to move your piece. Not pawn. 3 times before moving another one.  Not pawn. That sounds very 100 rated. We get a 2 26 from Italy. E4. E5, and since he's an Italian,  we can obviously expect knight f3 bishop c4. Or not. Knight c6. Alright, it's game on. Now I'm  stuck with this knight for at least 2 more moves, so if he goes crazy and play queen f7 right now,  it forces me to take with my king, which is against the rules, which makes me a fool,  for ending my own video. Of course it doesn't happen. G6. I think we can all agree that this  move is not against the rule because it only applies to pieces, not pawns. Queen h3. D6. Of  course I cannot take his queen because I'm still stuck with my knight for 2 more moves. But you  know, he doesn't know about that. Or maybe he does. Knight c7. I'm trying to exhaust my knight  moves here. D4. Knight c6. Alright, now you'd better move your queen away. Or not. And I've  just realized that if I take his queen, that will make me move my bishop 1 time, which means I'll  have to move it at least 2 more times, but if he takes the bishop, I won't be able to make those  2 moves anymore, which means I can never move any pieces ever again. Well, I guess I can't eat that  woman just yet. He takes d4. Knight g5. Very aggressive. Now knight h6 does protect the f7  pawn, but it makes the knight stuck on h6 to defend the pawn, which means I won't be able to move it  2 times more anytime soon. Therefore, knight e5. This is my 4th knight move, but since the challenge  said, at least, I believe that I don't have to move it for 2 more times, because you know, 4 is  not less than 3. Queen g3. Ha, now he finally sees the queen is hanging. But that still blunders the  bishop. Queen d3. Knight e5. Queen takes d4. Ha ha, finally, I can move another piece. Bishop g7.  Ah, that feels good. Queen d5. Very aggressive. And wait, I think he's thinking that queen takes  f7 is mate, which blunders a queen, but the point is I'm being stuck with my bishop, which means I  cannot move my knight. So that queen move will force me to end my own video. Man. This is really  bad. Alright. Bishop h6. Let's just hope that he gets panicked seeing his knight being attacked  by 2 pieces and then retreat it. F***. You know what? I'm just gonna end the video right here,  because there is no need to make that move to humiliate myself.  [OUTRO MUSIC] 