 100 rated chess, but your opponent has to have a missed win, before you can win.  How would simp know if it's a missed win?  Ah ha, thank you dude, that is exactly the question I wanted to ask.  He could intentionally blunder something like mate in 3, and hope that his opponent doesn't see it.  You know what? That actually sounds like a great idea.  Let's go, we get a 1 2 3 from the US.  F4. The bird's opening.  E5. So in order to blunder checkmate in 3 or something,  I believe the best approach to this game, is the bonk loud.  G3. Wait a second.  He takes F4. In no world do you take it back.  Nevermind. That blunder's a king. But the video is still so short.  Alright, I'm not breaking the rule this game, for the video's length.  Ke7. Ha, very funny.  Ke7, is a missed, win.  It was supposed to be my opponent who makes a missed win, and definitely not me, f*** you Stockfish.  D4. D5.  By the way, please don't judge my gameplay based on the analysis, because for most of the time,  the best move has to be king back to E8, which is definitely not part of the plan.  E4. I'll take it.  Bb5. Very aggressive.  Knight F6. Apart from blundering the king on move 3,  I think that this guy is actually playing pretty decent.  Maybe not. That blunder's a horsey, but if I take it, I will be at +4, which is too much,  and may cause him to resign.  Therefore, Qd5. My plan is giving him a chance to play Nc3,  which defends the bishop and also attacks my queen, but since I moved my queen out,  it may provoke him to move his queen instead of Nc3, which may be considered, as a missed win.  Ha. So he did move his queen, but it's a bigger blunder instead.  Is this guy a sandbagger?  Alright. I'm gonna assume, that this guy is a sandbagger.  And play. Qxd4. If he's really sandbagging, he will not take my queen, which should obviously,  be a missed win. And he took it.  F***. He made the correct move at the correct time, while blundering everything else.  At every other time.  Bxh3. Okay, it's fine, it's just a woman, I don't need any women to win this game.  And he blundered his queen back. But if I take it, it will be hard for me to blunder checkmate,  not to mention that he can also decide to resign.  Alright. I have an idea.  Kd6. Now Qe5 is checkmate in 1, but since I think that he was targeting my b7 pawn,  he very much will decide to take it now, which misses the checkmate, which can be a missed win.  And he abandoned the game.  But he hasn't made any missed wins yet.  What the f***?  [Music] 