 Simp is better than Chess. I don't know what you're talking about.  It was supposed to be I'm better than my viewers, the Mass Skewer.  Very well. Ladies and gentlemen and kids, welcome to another episode of I'm better than my viewers,  the series that I made so that my viewers will stop backseating my YouTube videos,  but apparently it doesn't work. And the challenger this time is a guy called Anatoly Karpov.  Not the real one of course. My king is in check, so king d5 is kinda forced. Alright,  now if he can just go queen f8 which blunders queen e8, queen e8 rook e8 backrank checkmate in 2.  That will be very convenient. Sadly he's not a paid actor. Queen takes b8. King takes b8.  Rook e8 check. Stockfish didn't like that move, but I don't see anything wrong with just giving  a check. King c7 is forced. I'll take this rook. Alright, now the game officially begins,  a rook and 2 minor pieces, versus 3 rooks. 2. Bishop takes g1. Rook d1 check. Bishop blocks.  Actually, I've just realized that I also have a random Edward here. Nevermind. Rook takes rook  rook takes rook. Alright, bishop versus rook endgame, and even though it is theoretically a  draw, there are still a lot of pawns on the line, so let's play it out to see what will happen.  I'll take this pawn, taking a pawn chain from the bottom up is also good,  but since this pawn cannot go anywhere, I can take it whenever I'd like to. G takes h5. Bishop g7.  G takes h4. And then he screamed out, quadruple pawns. Man, has to be his first time ever to get  that happen. Bishop e5 check. I wanted to destroy his quadruple pawns, but let's just leave it one  more move to exist. King d7. G takes h4. Ha, now if he can just be extremely sad and immediately  resign from the game, that will be very convenient. Of course it doesn't happen. G4 hg4 hg4 rook g2  b a5 b a5 a b5 a b5. King c5. Rook takes g4. King takes b5. Rook takes h4. Ah ha, now if I take this  pawn, rook h5 will pin my bishop into my king, which blunders a bishop. Therefore, bishop b8.  And then after 10 moves more, b6 rook c3 king d4 rook b3 king c5 rook c3 king d4 rook b3 king c5.  Draw by repetition. And as usual, since I managed to get a draw from a worse position,  I'm better than my viewers.  [Music] 