 100 rated chess, but it is thermodynamic. Every time an irreversible move happens,  the entropy increases by 1. When the entropy reaches 6, the video ends. The original challenge  was 12, but that is obviously too easy, so I decided to cut it in half. And now it feels  impossible. We get a 100 rated American. E4. A pawn move is not reversible, so if I play E5  like usual, D3 castling and maybe a C3 should be happening in the near future, which may bring this  video to a very dangerous state very early on. Therefore, D5. The plan is very simple,  he takes my pawn, I take back with queen, and then he'll be motivated to move his pieces out  to attack my queen being exposed in the center of the board. Or not. But that is also very good  because I can keep the counting at 2 out of 6, knight F6. Ha, now he has to move his queen,  and any queen move is obviously reversible. Or not. That blunders a woman, but if I eat that woman,  that may provoke G4 and then he'll continue to push pawns until the video ends.  Well but on second thought, I cannot be a coward. I mean who knows, maybe he'll resign right?  Now. Or he can also push a pawn and put this video in great danger.  You know what, I'll take a risk. E6. Only 1 entropy left, but I managed to stop this pawn  from moving, and he should be able to see, that G4 is blundering a very dangerous queen H4 check.  Right? Ha. Easy game. But instead of mission accomplished, this game was too short to  actually make a video, so I decided to play one more game. We get another 100 rated American.  E4. Same plan as before, D5. Aha, now we get a guy that decides to capture, queen takes of course.  Come at me baby. Bishop C4. Wow. That blunders a bishop, but that will provoke D3 which counts  toward the challenge, and if I take this pawn instead, queen F3 will force a queen trade,  which turns down my plan of using this queen to capture all of the pawns and make sure the  challenge won't be broken. I can't believe a blunder can be this confusing. I'll take this.  I guess I'll just have to accept D3. Nevermind. I also need to prevent castling. Pin. Knight E5  is an amazing fork. Didn't happen. I once again have to make a decision. If I take this pawn,  we can eliminate one of the dangerous threats to the video, but then he can castle which is  also an irreversible move, and if I take his queen, it will prevent castling, but it will  also remove my strongest weapon. I'll take his woman. King takes is forced. Knight C6. Now the  game is officially based on luck. Ha. Another disconnection. Mission accomplished.  [Music] 