 100 rated chess, but you enjoy stabbing people? You can only capture through forks, skewers, and pins.  Disclaimer, I have never stabbed any human being and also don't have a plan on stabbing anyone in  the future. This video is only for entertainment purpose and has no connection to real life  incidences. Let's go. We get a 100 rated guy from Poland. E4. E5. D3. Not very aggressive.  And to fight a not very aggressive move, I have to play aggressively.  E takes D5. And I've just realized that I actually blundered a pawn because my  queen cannot take back as she doesn't have any forks skewers or pins right now.  Bishop C5. F4. Very aggressive. Queen F6. The plan is very simple. F takes E5, I stab him.  Didn't work. But that creates a very good chance for a pin. Ha! Now the challenge is kicking in.  C4. The pin is the only place I can make progress. Therefore, knight E7. Knight F5 to D4 E2 is the  plan. D4. Ah ha! I really want to take it with my bishop, but since my bishop doesn't have any  forks skewers or pins, and my E pawn has a 4. I can only take with pawn. B3. That blunders a rook.  D3. Discovered attack on the rook, and then I realize my queen cannot capture because there  is no stabbing method here. Ha! Nevermind, that knight was pinned to the queen, so as the challenge  suggested, the piece after the pin can be taken. King takes. Knight F5. I'm trying to trick him to  take my knight so that my queen will have a fork, which allows me to take his rook. Or he can also  move his knight to the edge of the board. Center board. Bishop D2. Knight E3 check. Same tactic  again, if he takes my knight, my queen has a fork, I take his rook he takes my bishop my queen has a  fork again and takes his knight. Nevermind. Now that really blunders the rook. Ha! Fork. King D1.  Knight takes A1. I can't believe I still haven't managed to checkmate him yet.  H4. Tips for the beginners out there, when your king is in danger, please don't push a flank pawn.  Queen B2. Knight C3. Ah ha! That blunders a very easy to see checkmate in 14, but in this position,  something unexpected happened. You have been disconnected. Please, refresh the page to reconnect.  Well, not my fault.  [music] 