 100 rated chess, but every time your pawn steps on a square, you gain a piece step.  Your pieces can only move by consuming a piece step.  One piece step obviously sounds way too easy, so let's just make it.  3.  Now that's some real challenges.  E4.  My first move obviously has to be a pawn move, therefore, E5, I mean Qh5 d6 Qxf7+.  Qh7+ will force me to move my king before I can stack up 3 piece steps, which makes  me a fool for ending my own video.  But to be honest, the chance that this entire thing can happen is even smaller than the  chance that a random girl will show up and ask for your phone number.  F3.  Not very aggressive.  F5.  D3.  D5.  And with that, we have officially reached 3 piece steps, which is enough for 1 piece  move, but let's just try to stack up some more before that.  C4.  Dxc4.  Maybe this is a bad decision because it can open up the queen file, which costs me 3 steps,  but if I had pushed my pawn instead, that will close the position down, which will be  very difficult to make pawn moves to tackle the challenge.  Qa4 check.  Bd7 is best, but of course, c6.  B4.  Very aggressive.  That blunders a rook to Qd4 Qxa1, but since I only have 5 steps, that is only enough for  1 piece move.  Therefore, Exd3.  H4.  I'm very suspicious that this guy is also trying to do some crazy challenges with his  pawns.  Qd4.  Qb3.  Aha, that still blunders a rook, but I think that he thinks that he can actually trap my  queen with Bb2.  Therefore, Bxb4.  Maybe this is an unnecessary risk, but I want to take as many pawns away as possible, and  I strongly believe that he won't take my bishop because he thinks that I can take his rook  and then get away with Qa2.  Just like a paid actor.  D5, this game is going unbelievably well for me.  Bxd3.  E4.  Fxe4.  Fxe4.  A3.  Spending 3 steps to retreat my bishop is not very appealing.  Therefore, Exd3.  I mean there is also a chance that he won't take my bishop for some very unknown reasons.  Right?  Sadly he's not a paid actor.  H5.  Man, I'm literally almost out of pawn moves.  Nf3.  Bg4.  Rook e1 will force a piece move, but since he's been blundering this rook for 9 moves,  and I've never seen anyone blundering the same thing for 10 moves straight, he should be  moving his rook.  Right?  Now.  Exactly.  B6.  Dude, I'm running out of pawns.  Maybe changing from 1 to 3 is just a little bit too much testosterone.  Rook b5.  Alright, change of plan.  Queen f2 bc5 queen e2 checkmate.  Mission is failed, but at least I won.  [outro music] 