 100 rated chess, but you have a hot potato. If your opponent catches your piece, or pawn,  you lose the hot potato. If you capture an opponent's piece, or pawn, you get the hot potato.  If someone has the hot potato for more than 3 moves, the video ends. It's kinda funny that  I'm actually also sitting right next to a hot potato right now. But anyway, we get a 161 from  Hong Kong. E4. E5. Still theory. D4. I mean this challenge is actually quite easy,  unless I get one of those guys who just decide to never capture anything from their opponents.  Ha! Not this time. Taking this pawn back will immediately bring the potato back,  but since each of us can keep it for a maximum of 3 moves. C3. I can always take that potato back,  so why not make him keep it for a little bit longer. D takes C3. Bishop C4. C takes B2. I  would love to let him keep the potato for one more move, but apparently that won't turn out well for  me. So I guess, bishop takes B2. Ha, now whenever I want to give him the potato, I can just make a  stupid sacrifice and force him to take, which means he literally can never end this video.  Knight F6. In case you don't know, this is actually still theory. E5. E5 is not a theory  move anymore, and quite frankly, I actually don't even know what the theory move in that position  was. Knight E4. Ah ha, that blunders a pawn to bishop takes F7. Check king takes F7. Queen F3.  Checking back to E. A queen takes E4. A very well-known tactic in the opening phase,  but since I've only kept the potato for one move, there is no need to rush in giving him back.  F5. All passant. Alright, now I need him to take this pawn so that I can give the potato back to  him, and since I'm obviously threatening queen H5 check G6 F7 check king E7 queen E5 a very  well-known checkmate in 3, there is no way he's not taking that pawn. Right? Absolutely. I'll  leave this knight for later when he has exhausted his 3 moves of keeping the potato, so for now,  queen H5 check king E7 queen F7 check. I actually haven't seen any checkmates yet,  so maybe this is not really a good idea. King D6 is forced. Queen D5 check king E7 is forced.  That exhausted his 3 moves of holding the potato, therefore, I have to take it back. Man how can I  haven't seen any checkmates yet. King D6. Knight A3. Knight C6. Long castle. King C5. Aha, it is  now move number 3 since I started holding the potato, which means I need to force him to make  a capture, therefore, bishop takes F6. I mean I'm literally forking his queen and his rook here,  so there is obviously no way he's not taking my bishop. Right? Absolutely. Queen D5 king B6 queen  B5 checkmate. Mission accomplished. 