 I'm better than my viewers? Of course I am! Morning everyone, welcome to another I'm better  than my viewers video, and the unlucky viewer this time is a guy called onechessilver.  I have no idea what that name means. Knight g5, developing a horse he cannot be a bad move.  Knight e7. I'll copy him. He copies me. Rook h3, rook a6 expected.  Ah ha, instead of copying each other again, he chose to move his queen, just to flex that I'm  actually maidenless. King g3 then, I mean since he wanted to flex with his queen, maybe he will  decide to move her again. Of course that doesn't happen. Rook h6 check. Knight d6. So I looked at  stockfish lines after the game was done, and in this position, stockfish actually suggested me to  go rook d6 king d6 knight d4 cd4 knight e4 d4 rook a2 knight a2, which means I will be sacrificing  2 rooks and a horse c, just to win his queen. Which is obviously very stupid. Knight e5 check.  King b5. Ha, no need for stockfish, I can still win his queen. Knight c3 royal fork. King a6.  In between move, bishop f1 check. Let's see if he has the gut to go here. Coward. Knight takes a2.  Knight recaptures. And in this very position, I went for, knight e6. I was so focused on forking  his queen, and yet I also blundered a fork. He saw it. King h3 knight h6 knight c7 bishop c7 knight  e7 bishop c8 knight f3. Man, I'm playing so badly today, should have moved the king to g2 instead  of h3. Bishop takes king g2 rook g6 king h1. Knight b4. Bishop g2. It's funny that I played  bishop f1 to check his king in the past, just to move it back after I've cornered my king.  Bishop f5. Knight h4. Rook g4. Knight takes knight takes e4 d takes bishop takes,  and then he went for, rook takes f4. As you can see, each of us only has 1 rook,  and if we trade them off, it is just a draw. So of course I traded. Bishop takes. I'll take this  pawn as well, and after a few moves more, draw by insufficient material. And as usual, since I  started in a worse position, I'm better than my viewers.  [Music] 