 100 rated chess, but you are Anish Giri. You must always play for a draw, even if you have a winning position.  For those of you guys who don't know who Anish Giri is, he is a Russian chess grandmaster, and to be honest, he is quite a handsome guy.  Not as much as I am though, and when you google search for "Anish Giri draw", there are all sorts of stuff like  "Anish Giri draw meme" "Anish Giri draw percentage" "Anish Giri 14 draws" "Anish Giri offers draw" "Anish Giri always draws" etc.  Therefore, we draw today. Opponent is a 1-24 American.  E4. E5. Still theory.  D4. Some people may say that creating tension early is not the way to play for a draw, but trust me, I have a plan.  F6. I'll take this pawn.  F takes. That blunders a rook. Qh5 check.  Ke7. Ah ha, so he can actually see that G6 allows Qe5 Qh8, but sadly, Ke7 is even worse.  Qxe5 check. Some people may say that winning materials is not the way to play for a draw, but I mean it's just a pawn anyway,  and he is probably not gonna care about it and resign, right?  Kf7 is forced. Bc4 check.  Kg6. That blunders Qf5 checkmate in 1, but sadly, since I'm playing for a draw, I cannot checkmate him.  Nc3. B5. Very aggressive. That still blunders the king, but again, I cannot do that, so I'll take another pawn instead.  This is going very wrong very quickly.  Bb7. That blunders the king again, and you know what, I'm just gonna put a number right here as I always do,  and let's see how many times is he gonna abandon his king to death.  Nf3. Bb4. Again, very aggressive.  I'll castle, and fun fact, Stockfish says that all of my moves so far, are all blunders, because I did not checkmate his king.  H5. Nd5. I'm provoking c6 Nxb4 cxb5 trading the bishops, because as you can see, trading is the best way to get a draw.  Nevermind. This guy just keeps making so many aggressive moves towards my territory, while still making sure to blunder his king after every move.  Let's go here. I mean now my bishop is so close to his king, he should be scared and move his queen closer to defend him. Right?  Dude. There was only one square that is further from the king, and he chose to go to that exact square.  Rd1. I can't think of anything else. My eyes just keep looking at queen f5 and my brain refused to think of any other moves to continue the game,  and now I know that playing for a draw can be so freaking difficult.  Rk6. That blunders a rook, but again, I'm playing for a draw, so winning a rook is not really an option because he may just resign.  c3. Ne7. Ah ha. Finally. He has finally saved his king, but the cost is that now he is blundering a rook, a bishop, a knight, and a royal fork.  I'll take that knight. I mean winning a piece with a royal fork is normally not the way to go for a draw, but please bear with me,  it is time to execute my plan that I said in the beginning of the video.  Kh7. Well that blunders the king again but I'm not gonna do that.  Knight takes c8. Rook takes c8. Alright, now as you can see, I'm being up an entire queen, it's time to  offer a draw. And he immediately accepts it. So pro tip for you, and Arnish as well if you're watching this video,  next time if you want a draw, just win the enemy's queen, and then you can offer a draw. I promise you, they will most likely accept that draw immediately.  [Music] 