 If a queen is f***ed, the video is f***ed.  And for those people saying that these are forked and not f***ed,  the truth is this guy actually wrote the f-word in the original message,  but for the sake of monetization, I had to censor them away.  But anyway, this is going to be short. We get a 171 from Colombia.  E4. I think we can all agree that the challenge actually means that if a queen  is blundered, or dies, the video ends.  D5. And of course, bringing my queen out in a queen challenge will make it a lot  more entertaining. Nevermind. I'll take the gambit.  Of course queen f3 or queen d3 will immediately end the video,  but who plays like that anyway? Right?  Of course. Knight c6. The purpose is to provoke d5,  and after I move my knight away, his queen will have the d4 square for free,  so if he wants to lift his queen up, he won't choose the blunder d3 square.  F3. I'll take that pawn. G takes. Knight takes d4 wins a free pawn,  but if c3 comes after that, I will have to move my knight away,  and then he can take my queen, which is against the rules.  Therefore, E5. C3. Not very aggressive.  Queen h4 check. King f1. I'll take this pawn. In no world  do you take with your queen here.  That's right. Now knight takes d4 should be the best move,  but I have a strong feeling that he will take back with his queen and totally  missing that my queen on the side can see that square,  because as a grandmaster once said, horizontal moves are very hard to see.  You know what? I think it's fine. I have faith in this guy,  that he will not blunder his queen like this.  Ha! You see? Not only he didn't take that knight,  he even blocked his queen away so that he won't have to look at that capture in  the future. Bishop c5. Knight e2.  That blunders a checkmate in 2 of bishop h3 king g1 knight e2 double checkmate,  but sadly I didn't see it during the game, and instead went for knight takes  f3. I'm threatening queen f2 checkmate in 1  or bishop h3 also checkmate in 1, so he should be able to see bishop b5  check c6 knight g3 sacrificing his bishop to give his king some free  squares to move after being checked. And of course, since I'm really killing  his king right here, he can't even think about moving his  queen, not to mention about blundering it.  The worst thing is, Stockfish actually said,  "Good." What the f-  [Music] 