 100 rated chess, but you're a paid actor? Give someone the best game of their life where they win.  You pay. I act. The worst first move I can think of? G4. This seriously weakens my king's side  and also put my pawn on a square that is very easy to be attacked. Unless he doesn't want to attack it.  Doesn't matter. F4. I'm blundering queen h4 checkmate in one, which is extremely  convenient for him. Or not. One more chance. I can't believe losing a king can be this difficult.  Knight c3. Third time's a charm.  You know what? I'm not gonna allow it anymore. He doesn't deserve it.  Knight f6. d4 c6 e4. Some normal development moves first, then I'll come back to my acting job.  Bishop b4. Aha! Instead of protecting my knight with my pawn,  I'll protect it with my king instead. Also allowing knight f2 friendly fork.  Bishop takes. King takes. Knight e4 is also very strong.  Didn't happen. e5. I'm literally forcing him to move his knight, so knight e4 is very obviously  going to, nevermind. Rook g1. I'm attacking both knights, so he should be able to see,  that the only way to save both is to give this check and then move a knight to f2.  He found it. And to prove that my opponent is actually a good player and this move wasn't  based on luck, I'll move my king here. King d3 is allowing a royal fork. So I actively avoided  that fork to show you guys that he will still play knight f2 just to save his horses.  Exactly. Bishop h6. Queen dead. I need to take back something to make him think that I'm actually  trying. Rook takes g4. King h8. Aha! This guy is actually very strong that he knows that his  pawn is being pinned and thus he moves his king to remove the tactic. And we're just gonna ignore  that it blunders a mate in 2. Random move. And he still hasn't taken my bishop yet.  This pawn doesn't deserve to live. I'm putting everything under danger here,  a simple move of developing a woman will destroy my entire position.  And he chose to blunder his king instead.  I quit. There is no way this guy can checkmate me,  not even if he gets 7 women 1 for each day of the week. Resignation. Mission accomplished.  (outro) 