 100 rated chess, but you're a paid actor. I will pay you $1 for every point of material you lose,  10 if the opponent opens bong cloud, 20 if you lose, and another 25 if your opponent  checkmate you with a pawn. Every point of material you win will deduct $1 from your pay.  If you win, you are paid nothing, you are also not allowed to sacrifice any pieces or pawns.  Okay at first he sounds very generous, but let's take a good look at this challenge.  This part doesn't make any sense, there is no way to tell the difference between a blunder and a  sacrifice, so I will remove this part. No way opponent is playing bong cloud, no way they can  checkmate me with a pawn, so basically I can only get 20 bucks plus the materials that I lose.  But still, money is money. We get a 1 0 6 from Canada. E4. I mean what can go wrong anyway,  I just have to self-destruct all of my pieces, avoid taking any pieces, and then lose the game.  Right? E6. Not very aggressive. Qh5. First 9 dollars, here I come. D5. Of course I'm not  taking anything this game doesn't matter how tempting it seems. D3. Nf6. Ah ha, now he has  finally attacked my queen, and to elevate things a little bit faster. E5. Attacking his knight is  the best way to get it to move. Or not. Bishop blocks. Take this bishop and I'll move my king  aside, or you can just ignore that side and take my queen. Your choice. I didn't even know that was  an option. F4. Somehow I have a very bad feeling about this game. Knight back to F6. That blunders  2 different pieces, but of course, I'm not taking any of them. I can't believe trying to lose pieces  can be this difficult. Ha! Finally. Taking that bishop is losing 3 dollars, king D1. Bishop C1.  For the second time in this game, I didn't know that was an option. C4. Dude. Please at least  take a pawn. Thank you. Knight C3. The plan is very simple. If I move my knight, he'll move his  knight. Exactly as planned. Knight B5. This move will prevent him from moving his queen out which  may checkmate me sooner than I can sacrifice my pieces. Nevermind. That blunders a queen and a  fork at the same time, so of course, I'll push a pawn. Bishop D2. I have nothing else to say.  B4. Take it please. That is also fine, his queen coming closer will help in sacrificing my pieces,  so I guess I just have to push my pawns. Queen E1 check. That blunders the woman again,  but king C2. Plus 5 dollars incoming. I mean having 1 piece attacking my rook was probably  not enough, so he decided to attack it with his bishop too. But anyway, queen D2 is actually  forcing my knight to take which loses 9 dollars because king B1 queen B2 checkmate in 1 or king  B3 queen B2 king A4 queen B4 checkmate in 2. So I guess. Rook D1. If I have 2 pieces guarding a  square, he won't dare to put his queen on that square. Maybe. Thank you. A6. Please at least  take a pawn. Or blunder a queen, your woman your choice. Don't want this to happen. King B3.  Queen D4. That still blunders the queen, but quite frankly, who cares anymore. Knight D6 check.  Ha, if it is a check, he has to take my knight. I hate this game.  How can losing pieces be even harder than winning them? Knight C6. You know what? If my opponent  doesn't want to capture, I have to at least lose this game for that 20 bucks. C5. Queen B4 queen  B2 please. Fine. C6 check. No way you're not taking this. Bishop E2. Take this too please.  Knight check. I've changed my mind. King C2. C5. Bishop H5. F5. Ha, it's my turn now you mother******.  Check. He'll take it for sure.  Knight E4. Why do I have to play with this guy in this challenge?  Ha. Finally. Rook up rook over rook over rook over bishop takes rook up pawn takes pawn up  knight A8. Now it is move number 31, the game continued for 10 entire moves more.  But I made no money. Rook A3. Checkmate. If my calculation is correct, it is 49 dollars,  and even though I lost this game, mission accomplished.  [Music] 