 100 rated chess, but it's a decisive victory. You must not lose even a single piece, or pawn,  and you must take every piece, and pawn, your opponent has. Another impossible challenge,  but I'm not a coward. We get a 2 46 from chili. E4. Since I'm not allowed to lose any materials,  pushing center pawns sounds a bit too dangerous. Therefore, knight C6. I mean some people will  just play E5 here and blunder their redward. Right? Bishop B5. Aha, of course I cannot allow  him to take my knight. Therefore, knight E5. Man, maybe developing the knight first is a huge  mistake. Queen H5. Wow, it feels like he just wants to flex that I cannot move any pawns to  defend the knight. Knight G6 is kinda forced. Queen G4. Knight F6, I mean I would be very happy  if he can blunder his queen right now, but there's no way that can happen. Right? Of course. C6. In  no world do you take this pawn here. Knight C3. Aha, that blunders a bishop, but if I take it,  knight takes B5 will end the video. So I guess, queen B6, now he definitely has to retreat his  bishop. Or not. Somehow I have a feeling that this guy knows what I am doing right now.  How about this. A6. Alright, now there is absolutely nothing else he can do to keep his  bishop here. Queen E2. That move doesn't work. A takes B5. He should be able to see, that knight  takes B5 is blundering a knight, queen takes B5 is blundering a queen, and A takes B5 is the worst  move which blunders a rook and get my rook straight into his territory. Right? To be honest,  I kinda saw that was coming, but since the video is still very short, I'll answer some of your  comments instead. I do hope you're going to name all the pawns now. I actually did do that in  another video, and not just the pawns. All the pieces were given names as well, please feel free  to check it out, link to this video is in the description. No no, you don't get to escape with  a draw lmao. Counting that as a win for the other guy. I disagree, a draw is a draw, and a draw is  not a win. Jokes on you, I have the power here. Just like the last video, get your queen out as  soon as you can when his king is in a vulnerable. No, don't tell them the secret man, the series is  called I'm better than my viewers, and definitely not all of my viewers can checkmate me.  *Outro* 