 100 rated chess, but you reveal the challenge after moving the second piece. Not pawn!  A bit scary with these 9 king reactions, but let's go! We get a 1 0 2 from Algeria.  E4. Since the challenge starts with a piece, we'll maximize the pawns first.  E5. D4. Queen F6. I'll take. Queen takes. Ah ha, now knight C3 or bishop D3 defending the pawn  should be my best continuation, but it's still too early to make a piece move and provoke the  challenge. Therefore, F3. Queen F6. Queen H5 will be a bit annoying, I'll prevent it first.  Bishop C5. Queen G6. Queen G3 is also not good for my king. H5. Ha, now this queen is officially  harmless on this side of the board. Bishop B6. C4. Queen C6. Okay this move will be a bit dangerous,  but since we don't have many pawn moves left to consider. B4. This blunders a pawn to queen F6.  Knight C3. Brilliant move. Queen C3. Bishop D2. Queen move. C5 and I win a piece back,  but I'm buying the chance that he won't see queen F6 as his queen was on that square just a few  moves ago. Ha! Wrong square. That blunders a woman, and I think it's worthy. Alright, that is  one piece move for me, but that comes with a very good chance that my opponent is just gonna resign.  Right. Now. I'll trap this bishop. Knight A6. Cb6 Ab6. And since I've already trapped his bishop,  let's also trap his knight. C6. Alright, the next piece move activates the challenge,  and since the challenge has 9 king reactions, it comes to me that even though this is a very  dangerous decision, there is no way I will turn this idea down. King F2. Come at me baby.  That piece is now your second king, same rules applied. Ha! My king is also my king, and since  my king is already my king, I will continue to treat my king like he is my king. Therefore,  the challenge is now just an absolutely normal game, after a few more moves. Queen C8 King A7  Rook A6. Checkmate. I cannot afford to show you guys the entire game due to smurfing issues.  But still. Mission. Accomplished.  [Music] 