 100 rated chess, but you reveal the challenge once you move one of your horses.  It's very suspicious to me why the covered challenges always get more reactions than  the normal ones.  But it's not my problem.  We get a 100 rated guy from South Africa.  E4.  Let's try something fun.  F5.  This is a very famous opening called the King's Pawn Opening, Duras Gambit.  But don't play this.  F3.  I don't want to take that pawn yet.  E5.  Knight H3.  Now I'll take.  Pawn takes.  Queen H5 check.  Knight F2 is best, but please go G3.  Thank you.  That blunders a rook, Queen takes E4 check.  Bishop blocks.  Free rook.  Beginners are not very good with rooks as they don't move them very often, so I don't  think there is a potential early resignation after I make that capture.  Knight G1.  Ah ha.  Now comes the real question.  Do I take that knight?  If I take that horsey, it'll bring my material advantage to +9, which is a very dangerous  threshold as a resignation is very likely to happen.  Well but who cares anyway.  As always, I'm not a coward.  Bishop F1 is forced.  I cannot delay this any further.  Knight F6.  Queen E2.  That attacks my pawn, but before we deal with that, that horse must deliver a letter to  your opponent's king that offers them a draw, if your opponent declines, then that horse  must go all the way back to report to your king.  You lose if that horse dies at any point while delivering the letter.  Well.  I guess we shouldn't have too much hope for a victory in this game.  D6.  G4.  That blunders a pawn.  And in no world do you take my knight right here.  No doubt.  It's not safe enough for my knight to touch his king yet, therefore, I have an idea.  Queen G3 check.  King D1.  Knight F2 check.  If my knight cannot touch his king, I'll let his king touches my knight instead.  There we go.  Now I send a draw offer, but in this very position, something unexpected happened.  I got a power outage.  Therefore, I don't know if my opponent agreed to the draw offer or not, I even had to bring  my laptop to a cafe to edit this video.  Not my fault.  [Music] 