 If your opponent's queen is in front of their king, the video ends.  Wow, this challenge actually reminds me of this thing.  Therefore, let's also count my queen in, since I definitely cannot let my queen have fun  with his king, and also add another rule, that I cannot capture my opponent's queen,  since that will make the challenge too easy.  Let's go.  We get a 1 16 from the US.  E4.  Now queen E2 is the threat, and since I don't have any ways to prevent it, let's try to  keep him busy instead.  D5.  Oh wait.  On second thought, maybe helping him opening up his E file is not that good of an idea.  My bad.  Queen F3.  Ah ha.  He obviously wants me to take his E pawn, and then he'll take back with his queen, which  makes me a fool, for helping him ending my video.  So I guess.  E5.  Since he puts his queen on F3, he most likely wants to attack my F7 pawn, so there's no  reason to move her to E2 or E3.  Right?  E takes D5.  Knight F6.  I'm not gonna lie, this video is actually doing pretty well.  Bishop B5 check.  Bishop D7.  Of course I need to keep him busy with his bishop.  Bishop takes D7.  Knight B takes D7.  D6.  I want to play E4 to attack his queen, but of course, that will just provoke him to end  my video.  Therefore, bishop takes D6.  Queen takes B7.  Very aggressive.  But that's actually really good for me, since he cannot end my video anymore.  Castle.  Well, technically he can still end my video with queen E4, but let's be real.  Who plays like that anyway?  Right?  What the hell was that?  That blunders a queen.  But I cannot take it due to the rules.  And I can't even move my queen away, since it puts my queen in front of his king, which  means I'll be ending my own video.  Are you serious?  Alright.  It's fine.  Knight B8 is kinda forced.  Now don't tell me that you're going to take the knight as well.  Thank you.  Let's start an attack, or things will go very wrong very quickly.  Queen D7.  Oh wait I blundered queen E3.  Nah, I mean he already put his queen into my territory, so there's no reason to go back  now.  Right?  Yeah that's good, he is now once again cannot end my video.  Queen G4.  That puts my queen in front of my king, but of course, my king can have his fun.  Right guys?  F3.  That blunders a rook.  Queen takes G2.  F4.  That blunders a queen, but once again, I cannot take it, due to the rules.  Therefore, E4.  And in no world do you take it now.  Of course.  Queen takes H1.  Now if you really think about it, this challenge is actually really easy, since all we have  to do, is just to avoid a single file.  F4.  (upbeat music)  Oh 