 If a piece or a pawn lands on d3, the video goes 3d.  Then, if a piece or a pawn lands on d2, the video goes 2d.  Then, if a piece or a pawn lands on d5, the game changes to 5d chess with multiverse time travel.  That last one sounds a bit too dank. But still, it's not like I'll let that happen.  Let's find an opponent.  We get a 157 from Spain.  For those of you who are looking for those squares, this is d2.  This is d3.  And this is d5.  If something lands on any of those squares, the video changes accordingly to the rules.  And of course, there is already a pawn on d2. Which means the video needs to change to 2d.  But as you can see, it's already in 2d.  Therefore, nothing changes.  And since the d2 and d3 squares are totally my control,  all I need to do, is to prevent my opponent from putting anything on d5.  Normally, e4 should be the best move, but since he may be a Scandinavian player,  e4 is too risky.  So I guess, c4.  Of course he can still play d5, but there's nothing more I can do.  e5.  Aha! He obviously wants a reversed Sicilian.  But no!  e5.  I need to overprotect the d5 square.  a6.  Very non-aggressive.  Knight c3.  Of course, more pressure on d5.  b5.  Very aggressive.  Taking the b-pawn should be the best move.  But of course, I need my c-pawn to defend the d5 square.  Therefore, b3.  bxc4.  bxc4.  knight c6.  It seems like he wants knight d4, which is totally fine,  because the rules didn't say anything about 4d chess.  Knight f3.  Knight d4.  That blunders a pawn.  But I think it's better to leave his pawn under attack,  so that he'll play d6 to defend it,  and after he's played d6,  it's more unlikely that he's going to push that pawn again.  Therefore, bishop e2.  I want him to take my bishop instead of my knight,  so that my knight can keep the pressure on his e-pawn.  Knight takes e2.  Exactly as I planned.  Queen takes.  Now he should play d6 to defend his pawn, right?  Bishop b7.  That blunders the e-pawn again,  but of course, let's give him one more chance.  Castle.  Knight f6.  He still doesn't see it.  Bishop b2.  I'm putting even more pressure on his e-pawn.  c6.  Ah ha!  So he obviously wants to go d5,  which makes me change the game.  Therefore, I'll take his pawn.  Now since my knight is very close,  he'll definitely play d6 to attack it, right?  Rook g8.  That looks like a mouse slip.  d4.  I'm trying to get him focus on my knight.  Okay, let's change game.  Yes!  I've just had to buy this game for $5.  If this video doesn't make me more than $5,  I think I'm going to cry.  But anyway, let's get in there.  Guide.  Nah.  Who cares?  I can play chess.  Public match.  Let's go for short clocks.  Okay, I've been waiting for a while now,  and came to a conclusion,  that very few people are playing this game now.  Therefore, let's just end the video instead.  Thank you for watching.  See you next time.  [Music] 