 If a piece, not a pawn, is not defended, the video ends.  Playing 3 minute splits on a 100 rated account.  Actually, I have seen this challenge months ago, but haven't taken it yet, due to it being  too hard.  But today, is the day, that I will overcome my fear, and deliver a victory, over an impossible  challenge.  Therefore, let's find an opponent.  We get a 1 97 from Columbia.  Now there are obviously 4 rooks in the corners that are not defended at all.  But of course, there is nothing I can do about that.  So let's just say, the starting position, doesn't, count.  E4.  Ah ha!  In this position, bishop c4, bishop b5, queen g4, and queen h5, are all threats to my video.  And of course, there is no way for me, or even Magnus Carlsen, to prevent all of them  from happening.  So I guess, d5.  With this move, I can at least prevent bishop c4, and also give him a choice to capture  my pawn, instead of moving his pieces.  And you know, who develops their queen first anyway.  Right?  E takes d5.  Yes.  But now, once again, all of those 4 moves are threats to the video.  Queen takes d5 looks like it stops the bishop, but sadly, that move ends the video itself,  which makes me a fool.  Therefore, e6.  Since he decided to capture my pawn last time, there's no way he refuses it this time.  Right?  Yes.  Bishop takes e6.  And with that, I have prevented queen g4 and bishop c4.  Now please don't give a check, just because it's possible to do so.  Knight f3.  I'll be honest, this video is actually lasting longer than I thought it would.  But anyway.  Now there are knight d4 and knight e5 threats, so knight c6 looks pretty good.  But if I play knight c6, it will only give him more reason to play bishop b5, which also  ends the video.  So I guess, queen d6.  Oh wait, I should have played queen f6.  Nah.  Who cares, he's not gonna move his horsey to the side of the board.  Right?  Knight c3.  Aha!  He's obviously threatening to go knight b5, attacking my queen, and ending the video,  at the same time.  Therefore, a6.  d4.  That unleashed this bishop, so now knight g5 is no longer a threat.  So I guess, bishop e7.  Developing a piece, and also preventing knight h4.  And with that, the only threat remaining is knight a4, which is obviously not going to  happen, therefore, I can guarantee you, that this video, is going to be, pretty, long.  What the f-  [Music] 