 If a piece or a pawn lands on a randomized file, the video ends.  And he also suggested that I can use random.org with numbers representing the file's names  respectively. No, there's no need to be so complicated. I'll build my own random generator.  Very simple. First off, I need to tell the computer that "Hey man, in chess, there are a  bunch of files like this." Next, I need to tell the engine to pick a random choice from those files.  But then, after I run it, the computer is like "Hey man, I know you want me to have a choice  from those files, but what do you mean by random? I don't real know that random guy you're talking  about." Therefore, I need to introduce the random guy to him. And that's it. Very simple.  Every time I run this program, its result will be shown right here. If my opponent lands a piece  or a pawn on that file, the video ends. Also, let's just apply this rule to my opponent only.  Because I think that if it also applies on me, that's just too difficult.  And with that out of the way, let's find an opponent.  We get a 200 rated from the US. Black pieces. Okay man, the first move doesn't count.  Don't blame me for this, it's not like I can choose which side to play.  E4. Let's run our program.  D. Aha! So of course D3, D4, and Bishop D3 are the threats. But of course, there's no way I can  prevent all of those. Therefore, E5. At least it prevents D4, unless he's a Danish gambit player.  Queen H5. Very familiar. Engine runs. B. Not too bad. Knight C6. Since he's already played like  that, the next move is definitely Bishop C4 right? I mean Bishop B5 just doesn't make any sense for  his queen. Yes. Engine. E. Everything is still okay. G6. Of course queen F3 right?  Please don't go queen E2 just because that square is free.  Why is he thinking for so long? This is still theory.  Thank god. The dude used like 40 seconds on that theory move. I have a feeling that he was like  looking at the book and then try to find where the F3 square is on the board. But anyway. Engine runs.  C. Aha. Now knight F6 should be the best move, but doing that may provoke him to play knight C3,  which ends the video. Therefore, queen F6. And I'm sure he'll trade.  Please trade. Yes. I'll take that queen anyway, but let's check the engine first.  H. Haha. There's no way an H-file move can happen right now. Knight takes F6.  Knight F3. Engine says,  E-file. Guess what? There's no E-file move that makes sense right now. Man this engine is really  nice to me so far. But of course, my opponent has never been nice to me. He may even decide to take  my E-pawn, and ends my video. Therefore, D6. Better be safe than sorry.  Knight G5. Engine.  Engine. G. Thank god it didn't go G last time. Now most people will go like, H6,  knight takes F7, rook H7, and then end up trading a rook and a pawn for bishop and knight.  But no. I believe letting my opponent keeping his materials is the best way to continue this  challenge, since he will have more choices to make. Therefore, knight D8. There's no way a  G-file move can happen now anyway. I mean just take a look at the G-pawn. If he really pushes  his G-pawn now, that pawn is going to cry about the fact that there's a fat horsey blocking his way.  Castle. Oh. Wait. Is that also a G-file move?  Bruh. What the f-  [Music] 