 If a piece, not pawn, moves only one square, the video ends.  Playing 3 minute splits on a 100 rated account.  Sure.  I think I've already made a pawn only version of this challenge, so a piece only version  is also great.  We get a 294 from the US.  E4.  Ha ha, the best thing about this mission, is that even Magnus Carlsen cannot end my  video on his first move.  D5.  Ah ha.  Very tricky.  It seems like taking the pawn is a good choice, because queen takes D4 is not a one square  move, but actually, after he takes my pawn, he may be tempted to check me, and all of  those checking move can end my video.  Therefore, knight F3.  Knight moves are good, since they never end the video, and leaving a target for him to  capture is also a great way to keep the video alive.  D takes E4.  Knight G5.  Once again, pawns don't count, so D takes E4 doesn't end the video.  F6.  I'll take the pawn back.  Bishop F5.  Ah ha.  It's pretty obvious that I cannot just leave the knight there, since bishop takes will  end the video, so another popular move has to be knight G3, which counterattacks the  bishop, but then he'll go bishop G6, which also ends the video.  Therefore, knight C3.  H5.  It looks like he wants to play rook H6.  So I guess.  D4.  And in no world do you play rook H7, just because H6 is no longer available.  Bishop takes C2.  That blunders a bishop, but queen takes blunders the video.  And if I move my queen away, he may decide to take my knight, which also ends the video.  So instead of blundering the bishop, this is actually a bishop fork to end the video.  Are you serious?  Alright.  I only see one way to solve this problem.  Queen takes H5.  I'll sacrifice my queen, so that after rook takes, I can move my knight away, and at least  the video is still alive.  Unless if he moves his king.  Thank god.  Man, I guess I'm the only person in the chess community that is happy when my queen is taken.  Knight D2.  I wanted to play knight A3, which provoke him to trade with his bishop, but since I'm  down a lot of material, let's delay the trades for later.  Queen takes D4.  Good.  Knight F3.  At least now he'll have to move his queen again, and since there is only one safe square  that can end the video, I can finally-  What the f-  [music] 