 If a piece or a pawn changes its square color, the video ends.  Wait. No. Let's change this to "Not Pawn".  Because if pawns count 2, that means it cannot move forward unless it is its first move of 2 squares.  #PawnLivesMatter  Playing 3-minute splits on a 100-rated account.  Let's be real. This is not doable.  At the moment my opponent moves his knight.  The video ends.  But anyway, let's find an opponent.  [Music]  We get a 135 from India.  Let's just hope he doesn't move his knights right from move 1.  E4.  Thank you.  So in order to prevent a knight move, I think I need to keep him busy.  Therefore,  d5.  He takes d5.  Yes.  Normally, people would take back this pawn, going into the Scandinavian defense.  But of course, since that square is a light square, and my queen is on a dark square,  doing that is just ending my own video.  So I guess, c6.  That pawn changed its square color.  But once again, pawns don't count towards the challenge.  D takes c6.  Yes yes yes.  The more you move your pawn, the longer this video can be.  E5.  Please continue to take.  Yes.  Normally, people would suggest me to take back the pawn now, but let's think about this for a moment.  If I take the pawn back, there's a big chance he'll go bishop b5 check.  And at that point, I don't have any moves to defend it, because even if bishop c6, bishop takes c6,  then I'll either have to move my knight, move my queen, or move my king,  and all of those moves are changing the square color of a piece, which makes me a fool, for ending my own video.  But don't worry.  Even if I don't take down that pawn, I think I still have a pretty good plan.  Bishop c5.  Now please take my rook and make a queen.  And in no world should you take the bishop here.  Why is he still thinking?  Finally!  Queen to d4.  Here's my plan.  Now he should be able to see that I'm threatening mate in 1, so he will play queen a to f3 to defend it,  then I'll play bishop g4, queen takes g4, and queen takes f2.  Checkmate.  Well he can also just blunder the checkmate right now.  That is actually even better to be honest.  What the f  [Music] 