 If a draw offer is accepted,  Simp shows his drawing skill.  And I need to offer draw on every move.  Playing 3 minute splits on a 100 rated account.  Alright. So it's finally my day to be the most toxic player on chess.com.  Let's find an opponent.  [Music]  We get a 2-0-3 from the Dominican Republic.  Yes.  Pairing up with a much higher rated opponent helps my video a lot as well.  Since a draw will make him lose his rating points.  D4.  Alright.  As the challenge requires,  draw offer.  E5.  I don't normally play the England gambit,  because it sucks.  But for this video,  I believe that E5 should be the best way to execute my plan.  D takes E5.  Okay.  Once again,  draw offer.  Queen H4.  So if you really think about it,  this is actually pretty similar to the 100 moves challenge.  Link in the description.  Because if I give him enough advantage,  there is no way that he's going to accept my draw offer.  Therefore,  my plan is,  I will sacrifice my queen to give him a huge lead in material,  and then try to fight my way back,  or even try to checkmate his king,  which should be stuck in the middle of the board.  D3.  Ah ha!  He's trying to get me to play queen E4,  which forks his rook and his pawn on E5,  and then he'll play knight F3,  which defends both threats,  and then he'll laugh into my face.  Ha ha, I tricked you!  You random 100 rated noob who starts the game by developing your woman.  And by the way,  it happens with my previous videos,  that a lot of people were mad about the fact that I kept calling my opponent as he,  when the profile picture was featuring a woman instead.  Well,  I guess you do have a point there.  But how about a guy using his girlfriend's picture,  or his sister's picture,  or his ex-girlfriend's picture,  or his random female neighbor's picture,  or his mom's picture,  or even his random female neighbor's boyfriend's mom's picture.  So I guess,  you cannot prove that I'm wrong.  Well,  technically, I also cannot prove that you're wrong.  So I guess let's just ignore it together.  Anyway,  back to the game.  Again,  my plan was to sacrifice my queen,  and even though my best choice is queen takes F2 has been blocked,  there is still  draw offer.  Queen takes H2.  If his rook moves,  he also cannot castle kingside.  Rook takes H2.  Yes.  Now that he has a ton of material advantage,  there is no way this video is going to end,  and I will try to make my second 10-minute video on this channel.  Draw offer,  knight C3.  Well,  I guess I'll have to draw something.  [Music]  Guess who?  [Music]  [MUSIC PLAYING] 