 When your opponent's piece or pawn lands on a column, you must play a piece or a pawn on the same column.  If you can't, the video ends.  Playing 3-minute splits on a 100-rated account.  Well, I normally don't take challenges that is too long to read, because it will be hard to make a good video title.  But again, I can't argue with money. Therefore, let's find an opponent.  We get a 273 from the US.  E4.  Ah ha! Now I have to move something on the E-file. And when I say something, I actually mean the pawn.  Basically, I only have 2 moves, E6, and E5.  If I play E6, he will get to play E5, which forces King E7, which is bad.  But still, let's also look at the other move.  If I play E5, he will get to play Queen H5, which forces H6, and then Queen takes E5, which forces a King move,  and since the King can't move in that position, the video ends.  Which even worse, is that after H6, he may go into play Bishop C4, which forces C6 or C5, blundering a scholar's mate.  So of course, between moving the King up and getting checkmated, I'll choose E6.  Oh wait, there's still a chance that he's not going to play E5.  Nevermind. King E7 is forced.  F4.  Very aggressive. That forces me to choose between F6 and F5.  If I play F6, E takes F6 forces a move from the F file, and since I don't have any, the video ends.  Therefore, F5.  Please don't know about en passant, and also please don't move your knight to F3.  Thank god.  D5.  Can't just let him keep pushing his pawns towards my King.  Of course knight F3 ends the video now, but what else can I do? My moves depends on how he plays the game.  C3.  I'll develop my bishop. If a miracle happen and allows me to move my bishop to the F file, this video will at least last a bit longer.  B4.  Very aggressive.  Now I have the chance to develop my knight. But if I play knight C6 or knight A6, he may decide to play B5, which forces me to move my B pawn, which blunders a horsey.  Also, if I play B6, he may also decide to push B5, which forces me to play knight C6 or knight A6, blundering my own horsey.  Therefore, B5.  *pop*  Well, I kinda saw that was coming, so there's no what the f*ck today.  *outro music* 