 If a hanging piece, not porn, is not free, the video ends.  Okay, I think that right now, most of you guys are like, what does that even f*cking mean?  But no worries, because I think I know what he meant.  And even if I'm wrong, it still doesn't matter, because here, I'm the one, who writes the rules.  Explaining the whole thing may be a bit too time-consuming. Therefore, let's just find an opponent.  That was fast. We get a 1-32 from Australia.  E4.  E5.  Still theory.  Knight c3.  Knight f6.  Aha! F. No.  If I play f4 here, he may going to blunder knight take c4, which hangs a horsey.  But since he's already won a porn before that, that horsey is not free.  You know? Like, it's free, but it's not really free, it's more like a trade of a knight for a porn, which is kinda similar to what the challenge was talking about.  So I guess, d3. I need to make it really clear, that my porn, is protected.  d6. Very solid.  Bishop g? No.  If I play bishop g4, he may decide to move his knight, which blunders his queen, but after I take his queen, he can take my bishop back, so his queen is not really for free, which also breaks the challenge's rule.  So I guess, bishop e2.  c5.  Knight f3.  d5. Very aggressive.  That blunders this porn, but I'll take this one first.  There's no way he's going queen takes d5, blundering his queen but not for free, right?  e4. That blunders another porn.  Two porns in a row, porn lives obviously don't matter.  Bishop g4.  H? No.  If I play h3, he may decide to blunder his bishop, but after h takes g4, there is knight takes g4, winning back a porn, which makes his bishop not really free, which ends the video.  So I guess, e5.  Oh, wait. I blundered.  Now if he blunders his knight, then after e takes f6, there is queen takes f6, winning back a porn, so his knight is not free, which ends the video.  Nah. I'm worrying too much, there's no way he doesn't see that his horsey is being attacked, right?  Not only he didn't move his knight, but he also blunders his bishop. And this is also not for free.  What the f-  [Outro] 