 If I can't tell whether a move is a book move, best move, excellent move, or so on,  the video ends.  Playing 3 minute splits on a 100 rated account.  You know what? I'll give myself 2 options.  Which means, I can pick 2 answers on each move, and whichever guess is right, then it is right.  This is going to be short.  I'll be honest, not even Magnus Carlsen can last over move 10 if he plays against a 100 rated.  But anyway, let's find an opponent.  We get a 286 from Canada.  Well, I think starting the game should not be too hard. Unless he plays... the Carders opening.  Yes. Not the Carders opening.  E4 is definitely a book move, and I'm sure we don't need to check Stockfish about it.  E5. E5 is also 100% a book move, and I also don't really want to check Stockfish,  because it will be a big humiliation, if I fail to analyze my own moves.  Knight f3. That is still in the book. And once again, we don't need to check that.  But now, how should I continue?  I mean knight c6 will lead to some heavy theoretical lines, which I don't think my opponent knows,  because I also don't know.  Therefore, knight f6. This is also a book move.  In case you don't know, I'm actually a big fan of Eric Rosen, and I have also studied his Stafford Gambit lines.  For anyone who don't know about the Stafford Gambit, it's a very forcing opening,  and that should help me a lot in analyzing the moves.  Bishop c4. Well, he didn't take the pawn, so my plan is ruined.  But anyway. That is once again, a book move. And since this is the case, let's go for,  knight c6. I'm getting him into the fried liver, which also should be good, because it is also a very forcing line.  Once again, that was also a book move, and we also don't need stockfish.  Oh, kay. That is definitely, not a book move.  And since it blunders a bishop, I will have my guess, as a blunder.  But of course, I gave myself 2 guesses, so I need to maximize my chances.  Let's see. Even though he blundered his bishop, he still won the pawn, and make me unable to castle.  Therefore, my second guess will be, a mistake.  Okay. Stockfish?  Yes. King takes f7. That is a best move.  And you know what? I don't even need 2 chances now.  Stockfish.  Ah. That feels good.  Oh. Kay. That once again, blunders a piece.  But since he also won the pawn back, I think I will do it like last time.  It is either, a blunder, or a mistake.  Stockfish?  Yes.  And I will have my guess, as a blunder.  What the f-  [Music] 