 If you can't overanalyze a move from your opponent,  the video ends.  Playing 3 minute splits on a 100 rated account.  Well, you're basically saying,  that if my opponent makes a move that doesn't make any sense,  the video ends.  Easy to understand then.  Let's find an opponent.  [Music]  We get a 159 from China.  Ah ha! The second smartest country in the world.  To be honest, I'm pretty scared now.  Thinking that he may be going to play a move that is so brilliant that I cannot understand.  E4.  Thank God. I can understand that.  He's obviously want to control the center.  And since E4 comes with the most amount of opening theories in this game,  I don't think I need to say anything more.  But now, it's my move.  I think that, if I want to overanalyze the moves,  those moves need to be very tactical.  Therefore, let's go for the most aggressive reply.  D5.  I know most people are going to say that C5 is the most aggressive reply,  but I just don't agree with that.  [Music]  Knight C3.  Ah ha! He's obviously wanting me to go D4,  knight back to E2,  E5, and then knight G3,  which actually transfer his knight from the queen side to the king side,  which will help him attack my king in the future.  Or even if instead of pushing D4,  I go D takes E4,  he can also go knight takes E4,  and then his knight is very strong in the middle of the board.  [Music]  Alright then.  D takes E4.  The more I open the center,  the more tactics going to happen,  and the longer the video is going to be.  [Music]  Knight takes E4.  Yes.  As I explained before,  his knight now is strong in the middle of the board,  and if I go knight F6,  he will also take it,  and after E takes F6,  he will be the only one with a center pawn.  But actually, I think it's all good.  Knight F6.  D3.  Okay.  So he changed his plan from taking my knight,  into if I take his knight,  his pawn will take.  Queen trade,  and then he is the only one having an active E pawn in the middle of the board.  Therefore, even though D3 is not a good move,  it still makes sense,  which means,  the video, is okay.  But anyway,  knight takes E4.  D takes E4.  Queen takes D1.  King takes D1 is forced.  And since that's a forced move,  I can't overanalyze it,  but I believe that the video should be continued,  because it's actually the game not allowing me to analyze it,  and definitely not me being lack of analyzing skills.  E5.  Also,  the guy who donated me actually required me to analyze all of the moves,  but I changed it into only my opponent's moves,  since the video would be too long if I analyzed everything.  F3.  Alright,  this move is very understandable,  because he just want to give his pawn a defender,  and also trying to solidify his center.  Bishop C5.  Knight E2.  Aha!  He's obviously wanting to stop me from playing bishop D4,  because if I played bishop D4,  I would be targeting his B-pawn,  which stops him from developing his dark squares bishop.  Therefore,  knight C6.  Knight C3.  Aha!  It looks like he's allowing me to play bishop D4,  but he actually blocks the bishop's view towards his B-pawn,  and now his knight on C3 is having a great outpost on D5,  because since I have played knight C6,  I cannot play C6 to kick it away anymore.  So I guess,  bishop E6.  A3.  Aha!  Now he's planning to play before,  trying to kick my bishop away,  so that he can develop his bishop to D3.  Alright.  I'll castle.  B4.  Very aggressive.  But anyway,  exactly as I predicted.  Bishop C2.  Let's tickle him a little bit.  King E2.  That's a lot of testosterone right there.  Once again,  he's obviously wanting to kick my bishop away,  so that he can play bishop D3.  So I guess,  bishop D4.  G4.  That blunders a horsey.  And after bishop takes C3,  rook B1.  Bishop E2,  traps the rook.  But still,  a bad move,  doesn't mean that it's meaningless.  So as long as I can find a way to analyze this G4 move,  the video is fine.  Nope.  I can't think of anything.  Therefore,  what the f-  [Music] 