 If I can't play the best move,  or book move,  the video ends.  Playing 3 minute splits on a 100 rated account.  Disclaimer.  I don't judge the moves myself,  the evaluations of the moves are decided by Stockfish,  one of the chess.com engines.  And I only use the engine to analyze the game after it is already done,  which means I don't cheat during the game.  Alright.  The truth is, I actually came up with this idea a long time ago.  But of course, this is just way too hard,  especially at the 180 D low,  where people don't usually make book moves.  But sadly, when ideas are running out,  I need to take on the unthinkable.  And with that out of the way,  let's find an opponent.  We get a 293 from the US,  with premiumed membership.  Man.  I've been facing a lot of Americans these days,  which makes me miss all the fun I used to have with the Indians.  But anyway,  it's not like I can choose my opponent in the first place,  so let's just play the game.  Since the challenge requires me to play  either best  or book moves,  I think I should start with the most famous move,  written in the books.  E4.  D5.  Dude.  As I was planning to play theoretically,  he gave me an opening, that brings out his queen.  Okay then.  Nf3.  If this is what he wants,  I would prefer to do it this way.  Tennis and gambit,  and I'll try to go for the intercontinental ballistic missile variation.  He took it.  Ng5.  Nh6.  Okay I guess that's out of theory.  From now on,  things are going to be hard.  First things first.  Taking this pawn  should be best.  But of course,  we still need stockfish to confirm that.  Yes.  Bf5.  Bishop f5.  Ah ha!  This one should be easy.  Ng3.  Stockfish?  Thank you.  E6.  Okay.  Now comes the hard part.  There are so many choices.  D3.  D4.  Nc3.  Be2.  Bc4.  Bb5.  Or Ke2.  Well I'm pretty sure Ke2 is not really a choice,  but subtracting one choice out of a hundred is not really that much of a deal.  Alright.  I guess I can just trust my instinct.  D4.  Stockfish?  Ha ha!  I'm such a grandmaster.  Bd6.  I have faith in this one.  Bxh6.  But of course,  we still need stockfish to decide that.  Yes.  Gxh6.  I'll take this one as well.  There is no way this is wrong.  Right?  Thank you fish.  He takes f5.  Alright.  Now comes the hard part again.  I need to make a developing move.  I mean Bd3 looks really good,  but Qh5 is forking the f-pawn and the h-pawn,  and Qf3 is forking the f-pawn and the b-pawn.  Alright.  I guess I need to trust my instinct again.  Qf3.  Even though Qh5 hits the most amount of targets,  Qg5 is such a good move to cancel all of them.  But in order to stop Qf3,  the only possible move  is Qc8,  which looks absurd.  But of course,  we still need stockfish to decide whether I'm right or not.  (Quack)  What the f-  (Outro) 