 If your opponent gets a question mark from the engine, you answer a question from the comment section.  Playing 3 minute splits on a 100 rated account.  So, basically, my opponent cannot make inaccuracies, mistakes, or blunders.  Missed wins are fine though.  This is going to be short.  But anyway, let's find an opponent.  That was fast.  We get a 219 from Hong Kong.  Wow. I remember that I have met a Hong Kong guy about 2 days ago.  And now I get another one.  E4.  E5.  Nothing too crazy so far.  To be honest, I would be very surprised if this game lasts longer than move 10.  Knight C3.  Vienna game.  I think that, in order to keep my opponent from making bad moves, I need to sacrifice a lot of material, so that even if he makes a blunder, the advantage that he's having will make Stockfish think that  "It's still fine."  Therefore,  D5.  First, I'm sacrificing a pawn.  Stockfish is probably giving me a question mark on this move, but again, the rules only apply on my opponent, so it doesn't matter how bad I play the game.  Knight takes D5.  I believe that is the best move,  but of course, let's ask how Stockfish thinks about it.  Of course.  Next, let's sacrifice a queen.  Queen takes D5.  He takes D5.  Stockfish?  Okay.  Now that he has an entire 7 points lead in material, even if he makes such a horrifying blunder, we will still have some chances of Stockfish forgiving them.  But still, I think that 7 points is not enough.  Therefore, let's sacrifice another piece.  After queen takes G4, he will have a +10 material advantage, which is even more than a queen, which should be good for my video.  Bishop B5 check.  Dude!  That's like a missed win.  It allows bishop back to D7, blocking the check.  No worries, because since I have already given him 7 points of material advantage, I think that Stockfish will forgive him this time.  Ha ha! You see? Stockfish even thinks that this is a good move.  Anyway, moving the bishop back is definitely not a plan, because I already planned to sacrifice it.  Therefore, king D8.  Now just please take my bishop.  H3.  Dude!  That blunders a queen.  But still, let's check Stockfish.  Man! I'm so nervous I don't even want to check Stockfish.  I mean can we just ignore this move?  No?  Alright.  Well, let's check the comment section.  Wow! Would you look at that!  I was planning to scroll down my comment section and choose the first one that I see, but here we are, already seeing a comment.  Alan Douglas asking, "First Australian?"  No.  No he's not.  He's not.  [Music] 