 If my opponent blunders,  the video ends.  Playing 3 minute splits on a 100 rated account.  Disclaimer.  I only use chess.com's engine to analyze the game after it is done, which means I don't cheat during the game.  I know everyone understands this,  but I also know that some haters will just ignore it and say things like, "Oh you trash youtuber you use engine unsubbed."  So I had to say it out.  Well, of course we'll use chess.com's engine, aka  Stockfish, to decide whether a move is a blunder or not.  And with that out of the way, let's find an opponent.  We get a 100 rated from Vietnam.  Since I can't really know when will my opponent blunders, let's just play normally and hope for the best.  e4  e5. Very standards. Knight f3.  Knight c6.  Bishop c4.  Things are going really well so far. Maybe I can finally have a completely normal chess game.  d5.  Okay, that breaks the normal moves chain.  And also, that blunders a pawn.  But no,  Stockfish says,  it's a mistake.  So it's like, it's a blunder, but it's not really a blunder, which means the video continues.  Knight b4.  Okay, there's no way that can be a good move.  But Stockfish, there's no way that is a blunder, right?  Aha! Just an inaccuracy.  Knight c3.  Bishop g4.  That move looks okay, there's no need to check with Stockfish.  I'll castle.  I know that castle is not a good move, but you know,  the rules only mention about my opponent, so it doesn't matter even if I make a blunder, right?  Knight f6.  That move looks fine.  Now I think the engine really wants me to go.  Bishop b5 check.  c6.  d takes c6.  Knight takes c6 and then I'll have a pinned knight.  But no.  A pin is related to tactics, and tactics can lead to blunders.  Therefore,  Rookie 1.  Rookie 1.  I know that's a bad move, but I'm just trying to keep my opponent from blundering things.  Knight b takes d5.  Okay.  That blunders a lot.  Now I have, knight takes d5, knight takes d5, rook takes e5 check, knight e7 blocking the check,  bishop takes f7 check, king takes f7, knight g5 check, and then he will have to choose between going back down and give back the bishop,  or going up and get checkmated.  After those moves, I think I'll be up like two pawns and his king is stuck in the middle of the board.  But of course, unless Stockfish thinks it's a blunder.  Ha ha. There's no way my video can end.  Going into the lines that I've just shown you guys is just too risky,  since he is very likely going to blunder somewhere down the road.  Therefore,  d3.  Knight takes c3. Nothing's wrong with that move. I'll take back.  e4.  That blunders a pawn.  Not this way though.  It's like, bishop takes f7, king takes f7, knight e5 check, king g8, knight takes g4.  But again, let's see what Stockfish thinks.  Yeah, it's just a mistake.  And again, going into that bunch of tactics is too risky.  Therefore, d takes e4.  Knight takes.  Okay, now that really looks like a blunder, since it's just blundered two pieces.  But of course, once again, I believe Stockfish is with me.  Oh well.  What the f-  [outro music]  [outro music]  [outro music]  [outro music]  [outro music]  [outro music] 