 If your opponent pre-moves, the video ends.  Playing 3 minute splits on a 100 rated account.  In case you don't know, they pre-move a lot in the 100 rated elo, especially in the opening.  You may argue that you didn't see anyone did so in my videos, but actually, I adjusted the time between the moves, so that the video would become more natural.  And with that out of the way. Let's find an opponent.  We get a 220 from the US.  First move. There is a chance that my opponent has already pre-moved E5, D5, Nc6, Nf6, E6, or anything possible.  And if that is the case, this video will end right on move 1, and there's nothing I can do about it.  So anyway. E4.  After a move is made, the time that is spent for that move, is written right... here.  For example, right here, it is saying that I spent 1.1 second for my E4 move.  A pre-move uses 0.1 second to happen, so if you see a 0.1 on the board, it means that my opponent has just made a pre-move, which ends the video.  E5. That took 4.4 seconds, so it's definitely not a pre-move.  But now, there are also some chances that he has pre-moved Nc6, Nf6, or even Qh4.  And once again, there is no way for me to stop any of those.  Therefore, I think that I will play H4, and if he really played Qh4, the video will end, with a big Queen blunder.  Okay here we go.  H4.  H5.  Ah ha! I think this guy is a copycat!  And do you know the best thing about copycats?  They... don't... pre-move!  Nf3.  Rh6.  Okay, not a copycat then.  But still, since he brought out his rook, I don't think he will pre-move anything, since there are always chances that his rook is attacked, which makes a pre-move too easy to become a blunder.  D4.  C5.  That blunders a rook.  But do I even take it though?  Because maybe he already see that he blundered his rook, and already pre-moved knight takes H6 over there.  Alright. I guess I won't take the risk.  Bg5.  Rg6.  That blunders a queen.  But once again, do I even take it though?  There is a chance that he has already pre-moved king takes D8, which will be activated, if I take his queen.  Alright. I won't take the risk again.  D takes E5.  Qa5 check.  That's actually good for me.  Because since he brought out his queen, his queen is easier to be attacked, which makes it even less likely that he's going to pre-move.  Nc3.  Qb5.  That blunders a queen.  And since there is no available recapture, I will take it.  Rb6.  Ah ha! After such a long time with no victory!  Nc7.  Checkmate!  Challenge, accomplished!  [Music] 