 if my opponent follows my lead. The video ends. Okay, so basically, I will suggest a move to my  opponent after every move, and if he really plays that move, the video ends. We get a 174 from Peru.  Since this mission requires time for me to type a message and send to my opponent,  I changed the time control to 10 minutes rapid. Also, longer time control will also lower the  chance that my opponent makes a move faster than I give out a suggestion.  Knight c3. I didn't take any guesses on my opponent's first move because every move could  have happened. And I'm not a coward. E5. Now the safest suggestion has to be knight back to b1,  since no one does that in the first place, but of course, that is a coward move,  and since I'm not a coward, I think I'll go with a3. I mean who pushes their flank pawn in the  opening anyway. Right? H4. Well I guess everything has an exception. D5. Since he plays h4, he's most  likely planning to go rook h3. Therefore, I'll go with, rook h2. Oh wait typo. There you go.  D4. Very aggressive. Bishop b4. And my suggestion, king d2. I mean I can just suggest moves like  knight d5 since they are illegal, but of course, that is coward. a3. I'll take his knight.  Suggesting queen d2. I mean queen d2. Typing mistakes are inevitable, since I have to type  fast before he can make a move. b takes. Man, this is much harder than I thought.  My right hand is holding my mouse to play the game, so I can only type with my left hand,  and at the same time, I have to simultaneously think about playing the game wisely and which  move to suggest to my opponent. But anyway. e takes d4. My safest suggestion has to be king d2.  But since I have already used king d2 as a suggestion before, if I use it again now,  then from now on, I can just repeat king d2 king d2 king d2 king d2. And the video will become very  boring. Therefore, let's make another rule, that I cannot go with the same move, twice. Rook k2.  c takes d4. Knight c6. Bishop h6. Blundering a bishop looks kinda fun too.  e3. And so he chose to close down his bishop instead.  Alright then. Knight f6. Bishop a6 looks very similar.  e4. That blunders a pawn. g4. I believe that he's not that aggressive.  f3. Let's play safe. Knight d6. He's not gonna play f4. I mean who pushes a pawn 1 square and  1 square anyway. Right? A lot of people are going to say. You did that on purpose. Because I already  saw him pushing e3 and then e4. But anyway. What the f  (upbeat music)  (upbeat music)  (upbeat music)  (upbeat music)  Coochie coo, coochie coo, coochie coo 