 If my opponent moves a piece, not pawn, over the middle of the board, the video ends.  Playing 3 minute splits on a 100 rated account.  Well, that sounds impossible to accomplished, but since I'm out of ideas, let's find an opponent.  We get a 2 or 5 from the US. With diamond membership.  D4.  Ah ha! Now he has bishop g5, invading my side of the board, which ends the video.  So I guess...  H6.  E4.  Very aggressive.  Now he also has bishop b5, and queen h5, ending the video.  But sadly there is no way I can prevent both of them. So let's think about this carefully.  Normally, no one develops their queen first, so preventing bishop b5 should make more sense.  But since people usually only play bishop b5 when there is a knight on c6, that move now should be less likely to happen.  And you know, there are a lot of other squares for his bishop as well.  So I guess...  G6.  Bishop c4.  Yes!  And now, there are still 2 threats, but both of them can easily be stopped.  With c6.  Queen f3.  Let's not blunder checkmate in 1.  E6.  And the best thing is, there is no more threat to the video.  D5.  Very aggressive.  Of course I cannot take that pawn, since my pawns are guarding some important squares for the video.  Therefore, bishop g7.  Knight c3.  Knight e7.  I'm provoking d6, which is a really strong move, but it will cancel all the tension in the middle of the board, which is good for the video.  And he chose to capture instead.  Alright. It's still probably good.  I'll take this way.  Knight h3.  I'll castle.  Castle.  G5.  I want to absolutely shut down his horsey on h3.  Oh!  Wait!  Ha ha!  Not only he didn't play that move, he also blocked his queen view towards that square.  E5.  Let's take some center, and then somehow try to counterattack.  Rook d1.  Queen b6.  Oh!  Wait!  Did I blunder bishop takes g5?  Nah!  There's no way he's going to see it.  Oh wait again!  Maybe he won't be able to see bishop g5, but there is rook d6 ending the video.  What's wrong with me today? I keep blundering the video every move.  Thank god!  b4.  Very aggressive.  But anyway.  That blunders a pawn.  And the best part is, my queen now guards the d6 square, and bishop takes g5 is no longer a threat, since after h takes g5, knight takes g5 is blundering a bishop.  This is such a perfect situation.  I mean I have made a lot of blunders today, but this guy is obviously helping me a lot with my video.  *click*  What the f-  *outro music* 