 If your opponent pieces, not pawns, c20 squares or more.  The video ends.  Let's go.  We get a 2 36 from the US.  Ah, I was hoping that I can get the white pieces, since it should be much better if  I can go first.  But well, that is life.  E3.  Wow.  That was just his first move, and the number is already 11 out of 20.  And to make things fair, I think we can all agree that we should only count the empty  squares.  With that said, his queen is obviously the most dangerous piece.  Therefore, knight f6.  At least that stopped queen h5 and queen g4.  Bishop c4.  Aha!  That gives me some free tempos.  d5.  And the best thing is, even if he plays queen f3 right now, his queen's view is already  blocked by my d-pawn.  Bishop b3.  c5.  Knight c3.  Let's try to trap his bishop.  a6.  e4.  That blunders a bishop.  c4.  A desperado.  d takes c4.  d4.  Okay that could have ended the video.  So let's count, 1 2 3 4 5, 16 squares.  Ha!  Not even close.  Now the French move is possible, but sadly, there is queen takes d3, which can very well  just straight up end the video, and since I didn't have time to count the squares during  the game, I decided to go.  d5.  And don't worry, I already counted the free squares even if he takes my e-pawn, and it  was only, 9, 10.  Which is not even close.  Knight f3.  So he doesn't want to trade queens, and actually that's also good for me, since his knight  closed down his queen's diagonal.  Therefore, bishop g4.  Of course I need to pin his knight down, so his queen's diagonal will keep on being closed.  Castle.  e takes d4.  I didn't count the squares in case of queen takes d4, but since most of her roots are  closed down, it shouldn't be too bad.  Knight e2.  I'll take this knight then.  Knight takes d4.  Yes!  That blunders a woman.  Rook takes d1.  And since the queen is pretty much the only piece that I'm scared of, now I'm confident  to say, that this mission, is 100% a victory.  Rook takes d1.  Bishop c5.  Knight c6.  That blunders a king, but of course, we still need to count the controlled squares, to make  it official.  1, 2, 3 4 5, 19.  Not even close.  And since you're already watching this long into the video, I just want to tell you that  I have another channel, featuring some very simple games from random people around the  internet.  Feel free to check it out through the link in the description below.  Queen takes d1.  Checkmate.  Mission, accomplished.  [outro music] 