 If my opponent can blunder a piece, not a pawn.  The video ends.  Playing 3 minute splits on a 100 rated account.  Also, I cannot make any sacrifices.  Because you know, if I can just sacrifice my pieces whenever I can, this video is going to be too long to edit.  Okay, it's pretty obvious that I'm out of ideas, so I have to take on this absurdly hard challenge.  But no worries, I think after all of those videos, I have built myself enough experience, to tackle any challenges thrown at me.  Therefore, let's find an opponent.  We get a 108 from Peru.  So I think the challenge wants me to give my opponent absolutely no chance to blunder, no matter how hard he tries.  Therefore, playing in the center, may just be too risky.  I mean just take a look at E4.  If I play E4, he may decide to go knight F6, which allows the move knight D5, blundering a knight.  And since there's no way I can prevent knight D5, the video is going to end after move 1.  So I guess, I need to get away from the center, as far as possible.  A4.  C5.  Well, that's good.  I was expecting E5, with a threat of bishop A3 ending the video, but this move C5, comes with no threat at all.  H4.  Man, I think all I can do, is just to extend this video as long as possible, because I cannot see any ways to make progress.  Knight C6.  Still no threats yet.  G3.  B6.  Ah ha! He's obviously baiting me to play bishop G2, which pins his knight to his rook, but then also gives him a chance to blunder his rook by moving his knight away, which then makes me a fool, for ending my own video.  Therefore, B3.  A6.  I want to play bishop B2. But of course, there is G6 after that, which blunders his rook.  Therefore, bishop H3.  Bishop H7.  Bishop A3.  I'll be honest, this video is lasting longer than I thought it would.  Queen B8.  Ah ha! Now things are kicking in. There is obviously a threat of queen G3, blundering a queen on his next move, and as far as I can see, there is no way to prevent that from happening.  And since we cannot prevent a blunder threat, let's turn that blunder, into a best move.  F3.  Now queen takes G3 is no longer a blunder, but a best move. And after queen takes G3 check, king F1 is the last move of the video, because he will have too many chances to blunder his queen.  But still, there is still hope, that he doesn't see the move.  Yes! Not only he didn't see the move, but he also blocked away his queen's view towards my G-pawn.  But now, it's my move. I think moving my bishop back and forth is the best way to keep the video survive, but of course, if I do that, people will say that I'm a coward in the comments section.  Therefore, let's play a bit more risky. Knight C3.  Knight G E7.  Man! This guy made me instantly regret playing knight C3. Because now he has 2 threats of blundering, knight D5, or knight F5.  Bishop takes D7 check, sacrificing the bishop to eliminate 1 threat is obviously my best choice. But sadly, that's against the rules.  Ok. I guess, it's time to admit my defeat.  And since this video ends at my move, there is no what the f*ck today.  Thanks for watching! 