 If your queen is attacked, the video ends.  Also, your queen must be beyond your pawn rank since move 2.  Well, at first thought, I think this is just too hard.  But then 2 days later, this guy also suggested, that if I play c4 and queen b3, there can  be some chances.  And to be honest, I think that's worth a shot.  Therefore, let's find an opponent.  We get a 2 21 from Croatia.  Great!  As I was planning to go c4 and queen b3, chess.com gave us the black pieces.  e4.  Well, I think we should still stick with our plan.  c5.  Knight f3.  Move e6.  Ok.  Come at me baby!  d4.  He's totally coming at me.  Now c takes d4 should be the best move, but doing that will allow queen takes d4, which  attacks my queen, therefore ends the video.  But still, if I just leave it like this, he may decide to take my pawn on his next move,  which also attacks my queen, and also ends the video.  Therefore, c4.  b3.  I'll take that, there's nothing can attack my queen at the moment.  a takes.  I need to develop some pieces.  d6.  Bishop e3.  Aha!  He's obviously trying to end this video, by pushing his pawn.  And sadly, it seems like there is no good way to defend it.  So I guess, d5.  Losing a pawn, is much better, than losing a video.  e takes d5.  Knight f6.  d6.  Very aggressive.  He's obvious once again threatening to go d5, which ends the video.  Therefore, knight d5.  c4.  I have to take this bishop.  He should be able to see, that he needs to take back my knight, not counterattacking  my queen, because if he attacks my queen, I can go queen before check, queen d2 blocking  the check, queen takes d2 check, knight takes d2, knight f5, getting away from danger.  Right?  Yep, he saw it.  But now what?  The threat is obviously c5, and there's no square for my queen that cannot be attacked.  Alright, I guess I have no choice, but to go for my biggest chance of survival.  Queen before check.  Please block with your horsey.  I'm so going to have a heart attack right now.  Thank you.  Bishop g4.  Oh, wait.  I blundered.  Please don't play it.  Yes.  I'll take his horsey.  He should be able to see, that rook a4 is blundering a rook now.  He saw it.  But now, rook a4 is once again the threat.  And sadly, there's no way for me to avoid that.  So I guess, let's just take a pawn.  I mean the move rook a4 doesn't look that good anyway.  d5.  Oh, that's actually good for me.  Queen c5.  Ha ha, now there is absolutely no moves that can attack.  What the f-  [Music] 