 If my opponent plays the best move, the video ends.  Playing 3 minute splits on a 100 rated account.  Disclaimer. I only used Chess.com's engine to analyze the game after it is already done, which means I didn't cheat during the game.  Now, back to the video.  Ok. To be honest, I'm pretty sure this video is not going to last long.  But of course, that always depends on my luck.  Therefore, let's find an opponent.  We get a 163 from Brazil.  D4. Ah ha. That is considered to be the best opening move, with E4 as an alternative.  But of course, according to Stockfish, it is...  a book move.  And as far as I can see, a book move cannot be considered as a best move.  Therefore, the video survives.  In order to make this video long, I believe I should be playing as tricky as possible.  Therefore, E5. The trickiest opening against D4 that I know.  The England gambit.  B3.  Well, the theory ends pretty fast.  Since we all know that accepting the gambit is the best move, there's no need to check if B3 is a best move.  But the problem is, what do I have to do now?  I mean if I just leave the pawn here, he'll take it next turn, and even though that move should have been a book move, it will become a best move, since we are out of theory.  But if I play knight C6 to defend it, D5 is obviously the best move, and is easy to see as well.  Also, if I just take his pawn first, queen takes is obviously the best move, and is also very easy to see.  Therefore, I guess I have to go...  E4.  And ha ha! Now even I don't know what his best move is, so I have a good faith that he's not going to see it either.  Ba3.  That move looks okay, but let's see what Stockfish has to say.  Ah ha! It's excellent, but not quite the best move.  But anyway. If I take his bishop, knight takes back is very natural, which should also be the best move.  But if I just leave it like this, his bishop taking mine, can also be a best move.  Therefore, D6.  And again, I don't even see what his best move is, so let's just say, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!  E3.  That's a fine move. I mean it looks kinda slow, but of course, we still need Stockfish to check that out.  What?  What the f-  [outro music] 