 If someone loses the right to castle, Simp draws an Italian castle.  Okay sure. We get a 180 from the US.  E4. Ah ha, now King E2 loses the right to castle.  But of course, there's nothing I can do about it, and it's not very likely that he's going to play that move anyway.  E5. Let's just hope that he's not Hikaru Nakamura.  Yeah he's not. Now if I play Knight C6, big chance that he's gonna go Bishop C4 or Bishop B5, which allows castling on his next turn,  and as far as I can see, castling also loses the right to castle, since you can only castle. Once.  Just like condoms, you only use them. Once.  Therefore, Knight F6. Just take my pawn and we'll go for some hyper-aggressive lines dude.  Or not. But still, that helps delaying his Bishop's development, which delays castling, which extends the video.  Knight C6. Of course you'll pin me down, right?  Perfect. H6. The longer I can delay castling, the longer the video gets.  Bishop takes F6. Queen takes F6.  Knight C3. Bishop C5. It would be perfect if he could just move his Knight away right now, but of course, let's not put in too much hope.  D4. Ah ha, he's obviously baiting me to go Knight takes D4, which is the best move, but then he'll go Knight D5,  which kinda forces Knight takes F3, Queen takes F3, Queen takes F3, G takes F3, and there's no way for me to stop him from castling Queen side.  Therefore, E takes D4.  Knight takes D4. That blunders a horsey.  I'll take with Bishop.  F3. Ah ha. I was expecting Queen F3, but F3 is obviously baiting me to go Bishop takes C3 check, B takes C3, Queen takes C3 check,  which gives him a full reason to move his King, which loses the right to castle, which makes me a fool, for forcing him ending my own video.  This guy is indeed really tricky. Knight E5. Since he tried to trick me twice, let's try to trick him back.  Oh no my Bishop.  Ah ha. I activate my trap card. Knight takes F3, check.  Fun fact, when I analyzed this game after it was done, I saw.. this. Knight takes F3 is brilliant.  I mean that move was pretty obvious to find, so I really don't know why Stockfish is so obsessed with this one.  But still, that is my first brilliant move ever, and when you think about it, my first ever brilliant move,  actually happens when I was smurfing against a 100 rated opponent, trying to do some random challenges for a YouTube video.  I'm not gonna lie, that's actually pretty sad.  But anyway, why is he still thinking, "Just take my horsey dude"?  No don't tell me you're gonna move your King.  This guy has just ended my video, on my first ever brilliant move.  [click]  Yeah. It took a while, but I finally managed to finish it.  [outro music] 