 If someone lifts a rook, simp shows his muscles.  Yeah, I can see that our guy RoyMeta971 has already shown a lot of his muscles right here.  But anyway, finally, after all of those videos, I finally have, an absolutely, normal, game.  We get a 138 from Vietnam.  E4.  Well, unless he plays something like H5, the video is definitely safe.  Yes! E6.  D4.  Nothing can go wrong.  Knight F6.  Even better, E5.  If his knight is attacked, he cannot open up his rook's ways.  Knight G4.  That blunders a horsey.  Oh, wait.  I think I shouldn't have done that.  Ha! Not even close.  Bishop D3.  Well some people may tell me that I should have moved my queen back.  But I mean, if I didn't get attacked last time, I wouldn't get attacked this time, right?  Of course.  Bishop takes H7.  Even though rook takes H7 ends the video, he should be able to see, that rook takes H7 is blundering a rook to queen G6 check, king E7 is forced, and queen takes H7.  Ha! You see? It only took him around 3 seconds to realize that that rook lift is just a big blunder.  But anyway. That C6 move is actually blundering a king, so feel free to pause the video here and find the forced checkmate in 4 for white, while I give you a couple of seconds.  So for those of you who were able to do it, congratulations. And for those of you who just want to enjoy the show, the move is bishop G6 check, king E7 is forced, queen G5 check, king D6 is forced, and before continuing the video, I just want to tell you that I also have another channel, featuring some very random games around the internet.  So please feel free to check it out through the link in the description below.  King takes E5 check, king back to E7 is forced, and bishop to G5, checkmate.  And once again, since the video is so short, I'll try to answer some of your comments.  Okay what actually is an M? Okay I answered a question like this in yesterday's video, but it's fine to say again, that if you doesn't know about it yet, I would suggest you totally not knowing about it, because once you've known about something, you can't unknow it.  Your voice is different, I like the old one more, but maybe I'll get used to this.  Are you serious?  Now I would like the tutorial.  wikipedia.org/chess  wikipedia.org/chess  wikipedia.org/chess 