 If a piece or pawn lands on the G file, Simp goes to jail.  Ah ha. G for ja, ja, ja, jail.  Anyway, we get a 170 from Germany.  For those of you who are looking for the G file, it is right here.  Of course there are already some pieces and pawns on the file, but I think we can all agree, that the starting position, doesn't, count.  But anyway. Now there are 2 threats of G6 and G5, but since there is no way to prevent both of them,  D4. At least now I can prevent G5 from happening. And about G6. Well, let's just hope that he won't do it.  D5. Ah ha, he obviously wants to go BG4, which ends my video. Therefore, E4.  C6. The Karo-Kan opening. He takes D5.  Queen takes. Ah ha. Very tricky. Instead of taking my pawn with this pawn, he took it with his queen, so that he can safely play G5 next move.  Which ends the video. Therefore, Knight C3. And in no world do you play G5 here.  Yes. I want to play Knight F3, but sadly, it will allow Bishop G4, which ends the video. Therefore, H3.  Knight H6. Wow. Not only he doesn't push G6 to end my video, but he also offers a knight and bishop exchange, which then takes his G-pawn away from the G-file, so there is no G6 anymore.  This video is definitely going to be very long. Bishop takes H6.  E6. Wait what? He didn't take my bishop back, which actually keeps his pawn on the G-file.  But now comes the question. Should I pull my bishop back? I mean if I just leave the bishop there, he may be going to take it next turn, which should be good,  but then there will be the threat of Bishop G7, which I think is also very hard to stop. But on the other hand, if I pull my bishop back, the G6 threat will come back, which is also not good for the video.  Alright. Bishop F4. I mean since he already played E6, his bishop can totally be developed in the normal way, and there is no reason to play G6. Right?  H6. He obviously wants to go G5 to attack my bishop. Bishop H2. Now there is no reason to play G5.  Well, before I go to jail, let's see.  ...of any kind is not in any way permitted. There's no way I'm going there then.  [Music] 