 If someone spends more than 20 seconds on a single move,  the video ends.  No sacrificing allowed.  Well, normally, I don't take challenges that depend on pure luck.  But of course, I can't argue with money.  Therefore, let's find an opponent.  We get a 1-13 from Mexico.  E4.  Very standards.  So in order to stop my opponent from spending too much time,  I believe I should be playing as non-tactical as possible.  Therefore, E5.  The most popular move to respond to E4.  For those of you who are wondering about,  how can we know how much time the player has spent for a move?  They are written over here.  Like right now, there has only been 2 moves on the board.  The 2.9 means white has spent 2.9 seconds on his move,  and 2.5 means black has spent 2.5 seconds on his move.  With that said, if there is a number larger than 20 is written up there.  The video ends.  F4.  Great!  The king's gambit.  As I was planning to avoid the tactical plays,  he took me into the most tactical opening ever existed.  But anyway, what's done is done.  I believe the best thing I can do right now, is to not accept the gambit.  Bishop to C5.  F takes E5.  11 seconds.  And that blunders a rook.  Because it allows, queen H4 check, G3, queen takes E4 check,  forking the king and the rook in the corner.  But of course, doing that is too tactically heavy,  which may get my opponent into burning his own time.  So I guess, knight C6.  Bishop C4.  That once again, blundering queen to H4.  And you know what? Let's just block her view, so there's no more tactic for me.  Dude! Why is he thinking for so long?  What the hell dude? Please move, just take my pawn or something.  20.0 seconds.  Okay. So if I remember correctly, the challenge suggested,  that we cannot use, more than 20 seconds.  And as far as I can see, 20.0, is not larger, than 20.  Man! The people are so going to argue with me about the decimal numbers after that number 0.  But anyway. I have decided, that the video, survives.  G6.  Since he has played queen H5 check, he should have expected G6 already,  so there's no way he's spending too much time now, right?  Why is he still thinking?  Dude! You saw queen H5, there is no reason you didn't see G6?  What the f...  Thanks for watching!  See you next time!  (Subs by Andrew Jelen)  You 