 If there's a fork, Simp reveals his fork.  Well, we actually don't use forks to eat in my country.  So I'll change that to... chopsticks.  If there's a fork, I'll reveal my chopsticks.  Playing 3 minute splits on a 100 rated account.  Alright, let's be real.  This challenge is way too hard.  But of course, it's not like I'm afraid of it or something.  Therefore, let's find an opponent.  That was fast.  We get a 216 from Hong Kong.  E4.  Ah ha. Now he has QG4, forking my G-pawn and my D-pawn.  Or Qh5, forking my H-pawn and my F-pawn.  And both of them can end the video.  Of course Nf6 can stop both of them.  But I don't really want to use my knight, since it's too easy to create a fork with a knight.  And if he just pushes E5, he will remove my knight without any effort at all.  Therefore, G6.  I mean let's be real.  No one plays such a weird move like Qg4.  Right?  Nh3.  Ah ha.  He's obviously threatening to go Ng5, forking my H-pawn and my F-pawn, which makes H6 look really good.  But if I play H6, later on, he may decide to play Bf4,  forking my H-pawn and my C-pawn.  Therefore,  F6.  F4.  Very aggressive.  I don't think I want to put my pawns in the center,  because they will only be targets for my opponent to create forks.  So I guess,  B6.  F5.  Again, very, aggressive.  He's obviously baiting me to move my G-pawn, which blunders checkmate in 1.  And that checkmate also comes with a fork, which really humiliates me,  for blundering the game and the video, at the same time.  So I guess, let's just ignore the king side for now.  In this position, I really want to play Na6,  attempting to trade my knight with his bishop,  but sadly, that will allow him to play Bc4,  forking my horses, which ends the video.  Therefore,  Bb7.  Fxg6.  I'll take that pawn.  Opening up my rook is really good,  because no matter how hard he tries,  my rook can never make a fork if it only sees one way straightforward.  Nc3.  Ah ha!  He's obviously trying to go Nd5, forking my E and C-pawn,  or maybe Nb5, forking my C and A-pawn.  Therefore,  C6.  Well, I already saw that move from move 1,  so there's not much to say about this.  So, here are my chopsticks.  You may wonder why there are so many,  even though I only need to use two.  That's because these are all of the chopsticks in my family of three people,  and I don't really know which one,  or you may say,  which two, is mine.  So, I guessed I would give you guys the entire thing to see.  [Music] 