 If a rook can move, the video ends. Well, I normally don't take challenges that depend on pure luck,  but for some reason this guy gets 5 reactions for his idea, so I guess I'm missing out on something.  We get a 151 from Vietnam. So now knight f3 or knight c3 will just straight up end my video,  but of course, there's nothing I can do about it. E4. Thank god. D5. Of course I need to keep him  busy so that he won't develop his horses. Unless he's a tennis and gambit player.  Yes. Taking the pawn back will just provoke knight c3. Therefore, c6. D takes c6. Very aggressive.  But that's actually good for me. E5. Now he should be able to see, that knight f3 will  just get kicked around by E4, so continuing to take should be his best choice. Right?  Of course. But now what do I do? After I take his pawn, there's a big chance that he's gonna  develop his knight. Oh well, I don't think I have any other choices anyway. Bishop takes b7.  Man, obviously this mission is just based on luck. Bishop b5 check. Aha! Very aggressive.  It's good that the video still hasn't ended yet. But what do I do now? Of course knight c6 is the  best move, but I don't want to end my own video, same thing with knight d7, and bishop c6 is just  losing a bishop since my knight can't take back. So I guess, king e7. Testosterone baby!  Queen h5. Aha! He's obviously threatening queen takes e5 checkmate in 1. But what should I do?  I mean a move like f6 will just get my video ended by a knight move.  Okay, I guess, I should take a risk. Queen d5. Okay I know that this move only provokes knight c3,  which attacks the queen and defend the bishop at the same time, but according to my experience  playing against the 100 rated players, that move should be very hard to find,  and I suppose he's gonna move his bishop or something instead.  Ha! You see, my experience paid off. That blunders a bishop.  Queen takes e5 check. I'll block. Oh wait, maybe blocking was not a good idea.  Yeah. Now when I take back, he's gonna move his knight. My bad. King takes d6. Well I guess he  also can just move his pawn. Well, I kinda saw that was coming. So there's no what the f*** today.  [Music] 