 If the opponent plays a missed win, the video ends.  Yes! Finally! A nice guy who gives me an easy challenge. And you know,  since I think this challenge is so easy, let's make it. Anyone? Because you know,  I'm a generous man. Let's go!  We get a 101 from the US. With premiumed membership.  The plan is simple. I win, and my opponent doesn't win. Because if my opponent doesn't win,  there is no missed win, and if I win, there is also no missed win.  D4, let's just play safe and slowly get our win.  E6. Not very aggressive. I was planning to go bishop F4 London system,  but since he's not very aggressive. E4.  Knight F6. E5. Need to make sure I always take any possible advantages.  Knight E4. Ah ha, he's baiting me into playing F3, thinking that the knight is trapped after  knight G5 and H4, but he actually got queen H4 check, G3, knight takes G3, H takes G3,  and queen takes H1. Therefore, bishop D3.  Bishop B4 check. That blunders a piece. C3.  A desperado. Knight takes. Alright, now since I've won a piece, let's try to be extra careful  from now on, because we can never know, when stockfish is gonna pull the trigger.  Castle. Knight F3.  D6. So in this position, there is a brilliant move for white, or actually, just kinda brilliant,  since it's pretty obvious if you're an experienced player, so feel free to pause the video right now  to find the move, while I don't give you any seconds to do so, and the move is bishop takes  H7, check. This is called the Greek gift sacrifice, and if you couldn't spot the move,  don't feel bad, because you will definitely learn this stuff sooner or later.  King takes H7. Knight G5 check. Wait what? So it seems like this guy knows about the line.  Not gonna lie, I'm actually scared now. Queen G4. This is very problematic, because he can just  blunder checkmate at any time now, but if I cannot see it, stockfish may give me a missed win,  which makes me a fool, for ending my own video. F6. Okay that should blunder checkmate somewhere.  But I can't see it. Alright who cares, knight takes E6 check. I will win this queen,  and if that is a missed win, I will just blame it all on luck. King H7. Ah ha! I was about to  pre-move knight takes D8, which very much could have been a missed win, because the best move  was supposed to be, queen takes G7, checkmate. Mission accomplished. 