 If a piece, not pawn, moves from the king's side to the queen's side, the video ends.  Fine.  We get a 299 from the US.  With diamond membership.  For those of you who don't know about the king's side and the queen's side of the chessboard,  the king's side consists of the E, F, G, and H files, and the other 4 files, belong to  the queen's side.  So basically, if a piece, not pawn, moved from my left side to my right side, the video  ends.  E4.  Ah ha.  Now there are bishop D3, bishop C4, and bishop B5 ending the video.  But sadly, there is no way I can prevent all of them.  Therefore, D5.  I want to at least stop bishop C4, and even though it looks like I'm just provoking bishop  B5 check, most people will just take the pawn here.  Knight C3.  Ah ha, perfect.  D4.  If I attack his knight, he can't develop his bishop.  And once again, the challenge is only about moving from king's side to queen's side, not  vice versa, so knight E2 doesn't end my video.  Knight B5.  Very aggressive.  A6.  Thanks to his aggressiveness, now I can prevent bishop B5.  Knight A3.  Bishop C4 is still a threat.  B5.  C3.  Ha ha.  D3.  Now he can't even end my video anymore.  Man, I can't believe this challenge is going so smoothly.  I thought I would have lost right away at move 2 or something.  F4.  Very aggressive.  I can tell that my pawn push is making him really angry right now.  E5.  F takes E5.  That blunders a rook.  Queen H4.  Check.  G3 is forced.  Queen takes E4.  Check.  King F2.  Queen takes A. Oh wait wait wait.  If I take his rook, my queen won't be guarding my D pawn anymore, which allows bishop takes  D3, which ends the video.  But actually, I was playing those moves so fast, that I didn't even see, bishop C5 is  a checkmate in 1.  And it breaks the challenge's rule.  Well, I mean, we have been in this situation many times, and you know what I always do.  F*** the mission.  Bishop C5.  Checkmate.  And since I failed the challenge myself, there is no what the f*** today.  (upbeat music)  you 