 If a piece, not porn, is sacrificed, the video ends.  Playing 3 minute splits on a 100 rated account.  This is going to be annoying.  But still, I think it's quite easy, since I just have to argue that a move is a blunder,  and not a sacrifice.  And with that out of the way, let's find an opponent.  We get a 2 8 e4 from Saudi Arabia.  E4.  Aha!  Now if I play E5, he will get his chance to play F4, which gambits a pawn, and as far  as I can see, a gambit can also be considered, as a sacrifice.  So I guess, knight C6.  Developing a knight should be the safest move for this video.  Queen F3.  Play aggressive.  Knight F6.  Knight H3.  Let's play a bit more aggressive.  Knight D4.  Queen F4.  That blunders a rook.  Knight takes C2.  And I believe that that was a blunder, not a sacrifice, since I don't really see that  he can win anything by letting his rook die like this.  King D1.  Knight takes A1.  Bishop C4.  E5 is coming, therefore, D6.  Knight G5.  Again, very aggressive.  E6.  E5.  I'll take it.  Queen takes.  Aha!  Now I have, knight G4, queen F4, knight takes F2 check, queen takes F2, queen takes G5 winning  a pawn, but sadly, a lot of people will argue that knight takes F2 is actually a temporary  sacrifice, which is also a sacrifice, which means I end my own video.  So I guess, bishop D6.  Queen B5 check.  C6.  Queen A4.  That blunders a bishop.  B5.  Oh wait wait wait no no no no no.  My right hand was faster than my brain.  Now if he goes bishop takes B5, it is a sacrifice of a bishop for 2 pawns.  Ah, thank god.  And in case you're wondering, I don't use my right hand as much as you do, so don't  say anything about it being too fast.  But anyway.  That blunders a queen.  But if I take his queen now, he may decide to not take my knight back, but to go for  bishop takes B5, baiting me into knight takes C1, bishop takes C6, bishop D7, bishop takes  A8.  Of course I won't fall for that, but sadly, the beginning move of bishop takes B5, is  actually a sacrifice.  Therefore, let's not take the risk.  B takes C4.  Queen takes C4.  I'll castle.  Queen H4.  H6.  Knight E4.  G5.  Queen takes H6.  That blunders a horsey.  And that definitely was not a sacrifice, because I don't see he can win anything back after  this.  D3.  Oh, wait.  That blunders a rook.  But if I go for the fork, my knight will no longer defend my G pawn, so he can go bishop  takes G5, which turns out that he sacrificed a knight, a rook, and a pawn, so he can deliver  a big attack on my king.  That's 9 points of materials my dude.  No.  It's fine.  As long as he doesn't see bishop takes G5, it is still not a sacrifice.  Knight takes F2 check.  Because if I just leave my knight right there, it will be a sacrifice of a knight to keep  my king safe.  King E1.  Knight takes H1.  Please don't see bishop takes G5.  For those people who are about to comment that I'm about to get checkmated by bishop  F6 queen G7.  I do have queen B6 bishop F6 queen G1 king D2 queen G2 king E1 queen F2 king D1 queen  F1 king D2 bishop F4 royal fork.  But anyway.  Since I already saw bishop G5 was coming, there's no what the f*** today.  [Music] 