 100 rated chess, but I'll pay you 5 bucks for each point of material you have less than  your opponent.  But you need to win.  Another very challenging challenge.  But free money for me.  We get a 160 from Canada.  E4.  E5.  Still theory.  D4.  Pawns are useless, may as well just trade them for 5 dollars each.  Plus 5 baby.  C3.  There we go.  Bishop C4.  I may consider letting him queen his pawn so that he'll have an even greater material  difference against me.  But I'm still not sure if that is a good idea as I also need to win the game in order to  get the money.  Well, it doesn't matter if he doesn't take me.  B4.  Another 5 bucks.  C2 royal double attack is too dangerous as I think I need my queen for an unexpected checkmate  if I want to win this game with few materials alive, so I guess, I'll stop that pawn.  Queen E7.  Very aggressive.  Knight A3.  Oh no my horsey.  Didn't work.  Knight F3.  I mean as long as he doesn't take with his queen and start a queen trade, I'm fine with  anything that happens.  Knight takes E4.  Unexpected checks are very dangerous, so even though I'm obviously not a coward, I still  need to castle.  And I guess I won't sacrifice any of these pawns so I can at least keep my king safe.  Nevermind.  That blunders a queen, but I'm obviously not doing that.  Bishop F4.  Bishop C5.  Ah ha, he's threatening a discovered check again, but since I've already castled my king,  I'm not scared of it anymore.  Castle.  I can't believe trying to lose pieces can be this problematic.  Knight D6.  I mean if that knight gets to live until next move, I'm down to never play chess again.  Thank you.  Here comes a big blunder.  Rook D1.  Alright, I do have faith that he's gonna see knight D1 discovered check king H1 knight  F2 king G1 knight D3 discovered check again king H1 knight takes F4 giving me 40 dollars.  Right?  As a wise man once said, always have faith in the 100 rated players.  King H1.  Check again of course.  Or not.  Knight G5.  I'm almost out of materials, so in order to be safe, let's just sacrifice this bishop  and end the game immediately.  Unless he doesn't take it.  This guy has just blundered his queen and his king in a single move.  And you know what?  I think I should breed for a little bit more.  Bishop E5.  My bad, mouse slipped.  Thank you.  Breeding for more may backfire on me as I may end up not having enough materials to  win this game, so I guess, queen takes H7?  Checkmate.  75 dollars gained, and I'm not a coward.  [outro music] 