 100 rated chess, but you want vengeance, the first type of piece your opponent takes must  deliver the checkmate. Pawns count too. I mean you can just say "aww pawn". But anyway, we get a 126  American. The most important thing is to avoid losing a pawn first because it is obviously very  hard to checkmate with a pawn. Therefore, b3. Let's avoid pushing center pawns until a piece  dies first. e6. Not very aggressive. Bishop b2. I mean if he can develop his bishop right now  and blunder his rook, that will be very convenient. Why is he thinking for so long?  Knight a6. This guy spent an entire 1 minute and 2 seconds on his clock,  just to put a horsey on the rim. g3. b5. Very aggressive. Bishop g2. c6. Knight c3. b4. Aha,  normally I would go knight b5 here to trick him to blunder his rook, but if he plays d5 next,  the plan will become very unclear after knight d4, therefore, knight e4. Alright now d5 traps my  horsey, but then I'll get to play like a normal person until my other horsey checkmates his king,  and if he plays f5 instead, that will be very convenient. Well, very convenient. Knight d6  check. Alright, now we have finally committed to the challenge, and after he takes my horsey,  the other horsey must never die until it can deliver the checkmate. Bishop takes d6, bishop  takes g7. c5. Aha, this guy is trying to confuse me by hanging both of his rooks at the same time,  so even though taking this rook is obviously the best move, of course I have to confuse him back.  Ha, now let's see if he'll try to move his rook out of the danger,  or he'll play e5 trying to trap my bishop instead. Ha. Wrong move. Bishop takes a8. Knight c7 I'll  go back queen e7 e4 f8. Ok. Here we go. Knight h3, this is the horsey that needs to deliver the  checkmate, so in no circumstances that he is allowed to die. E3. I'll take it. E4. Queen h5  check. King f8. Knight g5. In no world do you take this horsey right here. Of course. That blunders  a bishop. Queen takes e5. Aha, that blunders a king to queen f7 checkmate in one, but of course,  that is against the rules. Therefore, knight takes h7 check. Well I mean at least I'll get to win his  queen. King g7. Queen takes e5 check. Of course king takes h7 will end the video, but he should  be able to see, that king takes h7 is blundering bishop e4 check. King h6 is forced. Queen h8  check. King g5 is forced and then queen h4 a very textbook checkmate in three. Right?  I can already see, that a lot of people are gonna say oh you trash youtuber why did you  throw the game you obviously did that on purpose disliked unsubbed. But anyway. What the f  *outro music* 