 So as you guys have known, the great queen Elizabeth II of Britain has just passed away a  few days ago, and to honor her unmeasurable accomplishments during her reign, I'll take  on this challenge, of 100 rated chess, but your queen is queen is queen Elizabeth II,  she must not die or be attacked. Let's go. Pushing center pawns is just exposing my queen to danger.  Therefore, knight F3. I mean these pawns will definitely be pushed, but it's just not right now.  E5. That blunders a pawn. Ha, it's only been one move into the game, but we can already say.  Very convenient. Knight F6. D4. No worries, my queen won't be hurt just because David  stops guarding her. Bishop D6. Bishop G5. The plan is bishop takes E5 D takes E5 and this  knight is dead because it spinned to my opponent's queen, but of course such a convenient thing  cannot happen that easily. Well, I mean I'm not gonna complain about it. D takes E5.  Queen E7. I'll take this horsey. I mean queen D6 is ending this video, but he should be able to see  that he can just easily take my pawn back, or even go for queen B4 knight D2 queen takes E2  instead of randomly moving his queen to block his center pawn. Right?  Yeah, always have faith in the 100 rated opponents. Bishop H4, and I've just blundered my bishop.  Ha, I mean it doesn't matter if he can't see it anyway.  He's obviously planning to go rook G4 to attack my bishop. Therefore, E3. It's time to activate  the queen. Knight C6. Knight C3. Rook G4. Ah ha. Finally. But now the question is, do I take his  rook? Because if I take it, big chance he'll push this pawn to attack my queen, which ends the video.  Well, I mean I can be a coward sometimes, but queen Elizabeth II was definitely not a coward.  Therefore, I have to take this rook. I mean he should be able to see that attacking the queen  now is just blundering a pawn to queen G8 check queen F8 queen takes H7, so pushing H6 first  should be considered a good preemptive move. Right? Yeah I guess we saw that was coming.  [Music] 