 I'm good at drawing from worse positions, this guy is so permabanned. I'm better than my viewers.  Nice. Let's go. Welcome to another episode of I'm better than my viewers,  and the challenger this time is a guy called seal and ball, or maybe it's seal and ball.  I'll take this bishop. King e7. Knight takes d4. Maybe rook takes b4 was better,  but taking this way is opening up the chance that he may go knight d4 allowing queen d4 attacking  his king. Sadly he's not a paid actor. Knight takes f5 check. Opening up the way for my queen  to advance forward. Knight takes f5. Okay. Here we go. Queen c7 check. Apparently stopfish didn't  like that move at all, but the idea is that if he can go king e6 blundering a king to knight f4  checkmate in one, that will be very convenient. Of course that doesn't happen. Rook takes g4.  Queen f6. Ah ha, that blunders a knight to queen d7 king d7 queen f6, and even though I normally  wouldn't do that because I don't have many materials left for a possible checkmate at his  king, I can't risk my viewers calling me coward. King takes d7. Queen takes f6. Knight takes d3.  That blunders a fork, queen takes g6, forking his knight and rook. Knight e5. Ah ha, after I said  that he was blundering a fork, he's like no, you are blundering a fork, not me. Queen h5 knight g4  queen f5 bishop e6 queen h7 knight e7. Knight e4. Alright, now I need to be careful, because in case  you don't know, I actually don't know how to checkmate with two knights, so my queen is basically  all I have left to win this game. Bishop f5. Knight c5 check. King c6 blundering a horsey will be very  convenient. Nevermind. Knight e4 check. I mean since I cannot checkmate with horses, trading  them off is totally fine. King d7. Ah ha. I can see what he is trying to do here. Knight c5 king d6  knight e4 what the f*** was that? Dude. I thought he wanted a draw. Okay fine. Knight f6 queen b4  king e6 knight f4 king f7 coward queen b3 knight d5 knight d5 rook d6 queen b5. Rook d5 is obviously  a draw, but then once again, he forces me to continue playing. And then he said, hey who knows,  maybe you'll blunder your queen. Yeah. Sure. And then we shuffle our pieces around for the next 10  moves without anything happening. A lot of people got mad every time I skipped the moves in my  previous videos, but please, there was absolutely nothing to see. King b4. Alright, now king d5 is  blundering a skewer through all of his pieces on the board, but then suddenly, he offered a draw.  And I declined. Ha. The guy who thought that I would be blundering my queen, blundered both of  his pieces in a single move. Queen f5 king d4 queen c5 king e4 queen b5. And then I asked,  do you resign? HMM, no. This guy seriously thinks that I'm gonna stalemate him with my queen.  Okay chess lesson for the beginners, it is actually very simple, you just try to put your  queen in an L-shaped position like this against the enemy king, just like how a knight moves,  and then no matter what he does, you just copy his king's move. King goes diagonal, you go diagonal,  king goes down, you go down, until the king reaches the edge of the board, you move the queen  in a way that she traps the king on a single line, and then move closer until the king only has 2  squares to move, or in another word, put your queen in one of these squares, and do not move  her closer, now move your king closer until he can control this square, and then move your queen to  that square. Checkmate. And then he said, stockfish screaming at you telling this is not the fastest  to checkmate using king and queen. Well, I'm better than my viewers.  ♫♫♫ 