 100 rated chess, but every time your opponent blunders... a piece, not pawn.  You counter blunder back with the same valued piece.  This is going to be annoying. We get a 181 from Catalonia.  I actually have seen this idea multiple times, but even though it sounds really fun,  I just can't find a way to make it works.  E4. Well, if he doesn't blunder anything in the first place, I won't have to blunder back. Right?  Knight c6. Very solid.  D4.  E5.  D5.  Oh, wait. Maybe I shouldn't have attacked his knight.  Yeah I totally shouldn't have attacked his knight.  That blunders a horsey. But you know, since I can't really take his knight yet,  I don't have to blunder back. Right?  C3.  Knight b5.  Okay, now I can finally take his knight, so I have to blunder something back.  Bishop f4.  Now I guess after he takes my bishop, I can take his knight, and it's just a trade.  Or not.  Wow. Now what do I do?  You see, this is the problem of the challenge. Is that a blunder or not?  You know what? I will consider it as a blunder, because since he didn't retreat his knight,  he is still blundering his knight, which means I have to, still blundering my bishop.  Therefore, bishop take c5, just taking a free pawn, and by the way, that was actually a  brilliant move, so it's technically not a blunder. But you know, as long as I don't  play the line after that, it's not a brilliant move anymore.  F take c5.  Ah ha, now queen h5 check is obviously the best move, but since g6 blocking is blundering a rook,  and I cannot blunder my rook back, that move makes me a fool, for ending my own video.  Therefore, I'll take this knight instead.  Knight f6. Knight f3. Knight take c4, knight take c5.  A6. Ah ha. That once again, blunders a rook to queen h5 check g6 knight takes g6 h takes g6  queen takes h8. But again, I cannot blunder my rook back, so that move is not possible.  So I guess, queen f3.  H takes b5. That blunders a king, but I mean, I cannot blunder my king back.  Oh well.  [outro music] 