 100 rated chess, but once your piece, or pawn, crosses the halfway mark, it cannot come back  to your half.  Oh.  Wait.  My bad.  To be honest, I think this challenge is way too easy, because if you remember, I even  have a video where I defeated my opponent without even going past the halfway line.  Therefore, let's add.  For your opponents.  Let's go.  We get a 1-8-e-5 from Canada.  E3.  Not very aggressive.  E5.  Knight F3.  Ah ha.  He's obviously provoking E4 kicking his knight around, but if I play E4, his knight may jump  to my side of the board, which will put me in big danger that a retreat will immediately  end the video.  You know what?  A real man never retreats from a challenge.  E4.  I mean there is also a chance that he will blunder his knight instead.  Right?  Ha.  What a noob.  E takes F3.  I mean he had his chance to end my video, but he chose to refuse it instead.  G takes F3.  Bishop C5.  E4.  Very aggressive.  Man.  This guy really disrespects me doesn't he?  In case you didn't notice, he actually has been playing the entire game in only 0.3,  0.1, 0.1, and 0.1 seconds, which means he's been pre-moving the entire game.  Therefore, let's teach him a lesson.  Queen H4.  Now my queen is in his side of the board.  She cannot go back anymore, but I think she is actually very safe on H4 that there is  no need for a retreat.  Queen E2.  D6.  Oh.  Wait.  I blundered.  Now there is queen B5 check, and after I defend the check, he can move his queen anywhere,  including retreating it.  Thank you.  Let's take this pawn first.  King D1 is forced.  Queen takes F3 check.  Knight E2.  Playing his rook should be the best move, but as I mentioned before, queen B5 is a huge  threat.  Therefore, C6.  His rook doesn't have anywhere to go anyway, so there's no need to rush.  H3.  Queen takes H1.  Man, even after adding all your opponents to the challenge, this still seems way too  easy.  E5.  That blunders a king.  Queen takes F1.  Checkmate.  Wow.  I guess since this is too easy, I'm not gonna say mission accomplished today.  [Music] 