 100 rated chess, but you need to promote all 8 pawns to queens before you can checkmate.  If someone asks me whether I want to change my gender or not, I will probably say no,  but the pawns, they don't have any rights to refuse. We get a 173 from Brazil.  E4. According to the challenge, I am not allowed to lose any pawns,  which means pushing a center pawn is just too risky. Therefore, B6.  Knight f3, bishop b7, now if he can play d4 and blunder the e-pawn, it would be very convenient.  I solemnly swear, that this guy is not a paid actor. I'll take this pawn.  Knight g5. Very aggressive. I'll go back. Knight c3. G6, the plan is very simple,  I just need to win all of his pieces, without putting any pawns in danger.  Knight b5. Man these moves are getting very suspicious. Bishop g7. Bishop f4. Ah ha,  he obviously wants to go knight c7 forking my king and rook. Therefore, d6. But man,  I cannot tell you how many times I have seen people still capture with their knights in this  situation because they did not see the pawn is already blocking the bishop's view.  Thank god. Oh. Wait. I think I've blundered somewhere. Because now he is targeting the  f7 pawn, but if I play knight h6, there is actually bishop takes f7. Knight takes f7,  knight e6, queen c8, queen e2, I actually have no way to defend both my bishop and my rook,  not to mention that bishop takes f7 at the beginning has already ended the video,  or even if I play e6, there is still bishop takes e6 ending the video f takes e6 knight takes e6  and the same thing happens as the other line. Is this some sort of theory? I mean this guy is  absolutely destroying me right now, and this doesn't even have many relationships towards  the challenge, he is just purely crushing my opening setup here. e6, e6 should be the better  move than knight h6, and if he really sees bishop e6 best move, I will be very gladly end the video,  because he is obviously a smurf that is much better than me.  Ha! Nevermind, that was just pure luck in the opening. Taking that pawn is just asking him to  end my video, therefore, e5 is kinda forced, in no world do you take my pawn here. Queen e2. Wow!  A few days ago, I met an opponent that knows how to deflect my king to win my queen,  and now I get to meet a guy who can pin my pawn so that he doesn't have to move his bishop.  Knight f6. Alright, it's all good. I actually don't even want to take that bishop anyway because  it puts my pawn too far forward, and since he is so good that he can play a move like queen e2,  there is no way he will take a pawn right now.  What the f-  [outro] 