 100 rated chess, but neither woman can kill, unless their man is next to them.  Well, this is actually pretty easy, so let's add. No queens are allowed to die, because if I can  just make a big trade like this, the mission will become impossible to lose. And with that out of  the way, let's start the game, we get a 2 27 from Brazil. E4. E5. As long as he doesn't develop his  queen early, the video should be able to last for a while. Knight c3. Knight c6. d3. Not very  aggressive. Bishop c5. On second thought, I think I should be thankful that he didn't decide to open  up his queen file. Nevermind. That blunders a pawn. Well, I guess we can still be positive,  because even if he blunders his queen like this, it still doesn't end the video.  Knight d5. Very aggressive. c6. Knight e3. d5. Let's play a bit more aggressively and try to  checkmate him before he can castle, because you know, his king will no longer be by his queen's  side after he has castled. E takes d5, c takes d5, man it feels so intense that he can just take my  knight at any moment and I cannot take back due to the rules. c4. Very aggressive. Knight f6.  Knight takes d5, knight takes d5. c takes d5, queen takes d5. Again, this doesn't end the video,  because my queen was standing next to my king. But of course, now my queen cannot capture anything,  so maybe I'll have to pull her back next move. Bishop b5 check. Ah ha, this guy is obviously  tricking me to take his bishop, and then blunder my queen, along with my video. Very tricky.  Bishop d7. And by the way, fun fact, chess.com's engine actually thinks this move is an inaccuracy.  And instead, king e7, is f***ing best. I mean someone really needs to work on this engine.  a4. Ha, I was preparing bishop takes d7 and king takes d7 since my queen cannot capture in such  position, but if he doesn't capture. I'll do it instead. Now is he gonna get scared of my queen  and go knight f3, which blunders a checkmate in 4. No he doesn't. And by the way, if he had gone  knight f3, feel free to pause the video right now to find the forced checkmate in 4, while I don't  give you any seconds to do so because people skip the video, and the answer is bishop b4 check queen  d2 queen e4 check king d1 queen e2 check queen takes e2 and bishop takes e2 mate, or bishop b4  check bishop d2 queen e4 check queen e2 queen takes e2 checkmate. But anyway, back to the game.  Queen takes g2 is obviously the best move, but of course, that is against the rules. Therefore,  rook d8. Knight f3. Ah ha, now knight takes f3 check should be the best move, but even though  queen takes f3 is fine, I don't think getting his queen far away from his king is a good idea.  So I guess, queen d6. Man somehow that move looks so bad, maybe queen c4 was better but I didn't  have much time to think. Bishop g5. Very aggressive. F6. Rook takes a7. That blunders a rook.  Knight takes e5. Now the crazy stuff is swarming in real fast. I'll take the bishop.  Queen h5 check. Wait. No. Did he trick me to play like that?  Well, I kinda saw that was coming, so there's no what the f*** today.  *outro music* 