 100 rated chess, but your king is in his prime, on every prime numbered move, you must move  your king, and on every non-prime numbered move, you must not move your king.  I mean if my king is in his prime, I am in my prime as well.  We get a 185 from Brazil.  In case you don't know what a prime number is, a prime number is a whole number greater  than one that can only be exactly divided by one and itself.  And I'm not going to explain what dividing is.  E4.  I need to make room for my king to move, but if I play E5, Qh5 will be very dangerous,  because I'll have to make a king move on move 2, which may result in Qe5 checkmate  in 1.  Therefore, E6 is kinda forced.  Ha!  You see, E5 would've been a very humiliating disaster.  King E7 is forced.  D3.  3 is also a prime number, and even though I can advance my king forward, that is way  too dank.  D4.  I guess D3 was a mouse slip.  I'll have to make a king move on move 5, so Bg5 will be very dangerous to both my king  and my queen, Be7.  Knight C3.  King F8 is forced.  Knight B5.  Very aggressive.  If he takes this pawn on move 7, I move my king and I'll lose my rook.  Therefore, I'll force him to move his queen.  And in no world do you push this pawn and then I have to move my king and then you win  my horsey for free.  I'm worrying too much.  King move.  Bishop G5.  Alright, now I'll have some continuous moves in a row.  Knight C6.  If I can win his queen during these moves, maybe I'll get an early resignation before  everything is too late.  Queen F4.  A6.  I mean a horsey is also fine.  Thank you.  A takes B5.  And let's just hope he won't attack anything now because I'll have to move my king next.  There we go.  King F8 is forced.  Ha!  Now what can go wrong anyway?  I take that back.  That blunders a horsey, but I cannot move my king on a non-prime move.  Queen E8 is kinda forced.  The plan was to force a quick resignation, but now it is going very wrong very quickly.  My rook is dead.  King G8 is forced.  And funny enough, even if he leaves his knight right there, I still won't be able to capture  it all the way until move 17, but in this position, something unexpected happened.  My opponent disconnected.  11, 10, 9, 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 0.  Mission accomplished.  [Music] 