 100 rated chess, but every time your opponent moves their queen, you'll move your king closer  to their queen. That sounds absolutely terrifying. We get a 197 from turkey. E4. Ah ha, that move  opens up his queen's way, so I also need to open up my king, or else if he moves his queen,  I'll have to end the video. So I guess, E6, I mean E5 was obviously blundering a king because  after queen H5, king E7 is force and then there is queen takes E5 checkmate in 1. And to be honest,  I'm not very interested in such checkmate. Bishop C4. Oh no. We all know that his queen is coming  next, and according to the mission, that cannot be a good sign for my video. Therefore, D5. If I  attack his bishop, he cannot move his queen. Right? No doubt. D takes E4. Ha, now my pawn also  removes the F3 square away from his queen, which makes the chance of him moving his queen right now  much smaller than before. Nevermind. Alright. Here we go. King E7, oh wait maybe I should've gone  king D7 because queen E4 king E7. Yeah. I really should've gone king D7. But anyway, king D6,  okay now queen F4, queen E3, queen D4, queen C4, or even queen D5 is immediately ending the video  because I cannot move my king closer to his queen at any of those squares. And to be honest,  a situation where my opponent has 5 different ways to end the video, is probably not very ideal for  a video's length. Ha, what do you do when your opponent put their king in the middle of the board?  You move your H pawn of course. King E7, I mean the challenge only said that I have to move my  king if my opponent moves his queen, but didn't say that I cannot move my king if the queen doesn't  move, so this move is obviously legal to make. Queen B4 check. King E8 will be a dream come true,  but sadly, I have to go closer. Queen C3. King D6 is forced, man, now once again there are 5 moves  to end the video. And that was very convenient. King E7, somehow I actually have faith that my  king will finally be at his home someday in the future. And that future came. King E8,  if he can just not move his queen for like the next 3 moves, that will help me a lot.  Bishop E3. Knight C6, let's try our luck at winning his queen. Bishop A4. Bishop D7. Knight A3.  Ah ha. You know what they say, knight on the rim, dims the queen. Bishop B4 royals cure,  that is a very risky move, but if I can win his queen, the video is 100% a success,  and even though now he can actually go queen takes B4 ending the video because I cannot move  my king closer to his queen on B4, I actually have faith that he will take my knight instead  because he is good enough to use his bishop to pin my knight, so now is the moment to finally  activate that entire power of that bishop pinning move. Yeah maybe I shouldn't have done that.  *outro* 