 100 rated chess, but you fight for the motherland, you must push all your pawns at least 2 spaces  before moving any of your other pieces. It's funny that this guy wrote a challenge about spaces,  but he himself forgot a space. Noob. We get a 1 57 from Indonesia. E4. The plan is very simple.  I push 8 pawns, he's fraked, or he takes a pawn before it is pushed, I'm fraked. So yeah,  one of us will be fraked. E5. D4. 2 down, 6 more to go. Knight C6. Aha, now even though I can  continue to push my pawns, I think I should take this pawn instead. This way after he recaptures,  I'll have a tempo to push my F pawn. Exactly as planned. F4. I mean it will be very problematic  if he plays knight F3 check pawn takes and queen H4 check forcing my king to move which ends the  video. But who plays like that anyway? Right? No doubt. That blunders a horsey, but sadly,  H4. Again, I cannot move any pieces before the pawns are pushed, and in no world do you take  this pawn here. I'm worrying too much. C3. And I've just realized that bishop C5 threatening  bishop F2 check forcing my king to move which ends the video is actually unstoppable.  Ha! Unless it doesn't happen. B4. Completely prevent bishop C5. But not that one.  Wow! That blunders a bishop, but of course I cannot take it yet, and it's also threatening  bishop G3 check forcing my king to move and there's nothing I can do about it.  Alright. A4. Please move your eyes to this side.  You know what? Let's just say, that king is not a piece. King E2. The video continues,  and I'm obviously not cheating. Knight 8 F6. These pieces are blocking my G pawn's way. King F3.  Bishop E5. That bishop is threatening my C pawn, which hasn't moved 2 squares yet,  but since that pawn is obviously defended, there's not much to be worried about. G3. I'm also trying  to give him 2 choices to end my video, and as the grandmaster always say, if you have a fork,  don't take it before they move one of those pieces. Or pawns.  That bishop has just ended my video twice. What the f-  [Music] 