 100 rated chess, but every piece, not pawn, must see their mom and dad, which are the  queen and king, before they die.  Applying this rule to my opponent's pieces sounds way too difficult, so let's just say,  your piece.  Let's go, we get a 2 76 from India.  Knight f3, alright now this knight sees his daddy, now we only need him to see his mommy,  and then he'll be allowed to die.  E5.  That blunders a pawn.  Knight f6, knight c3, unlike the other knight, this knight gets to see his mom first, so  now he only needs to see his dad before he dies.  Man, this video is actually getting pretty sad.  Rook g8.  I have no idea what that move does.  E4.  Bishop c5.  Ok.  Here we go.  King e2.  Ha, now this knight has finally seen both of his parents, which means he is allowed  to die, and the plan is knight back to f3, queen e1 so that the other knight will finally  see his mom, and then king d1 to keep the king safe, which we can call, as the castle  with the queen technique.  Knight g4.  That blunders a horsey, but this is actually very dangerous though, because this knight  has only seen his daddy, so if my opponent decides to do something dangerous right now  to take it, there's a big chance that the video is dead.  Queen h4.  Very aggressive.  F3.  In no world do you take my horsey right now.  Thank you.  That blunders a woman.  Ha, that was probably the most convenient move possible for me, because not only do  I get to win his queen, but now this horsey also gets to see his mom, which means he is  allowed to die, so bishop f2 doesn't even end the video, but only helps me trading down  one more piece.  Bishop takes f2.  King takes f2, my light square bishop saw his dad, so now I only have to go bishop e2  to see the mom, and then this bishop is also allowed to die.  D5.  I'll take this pawn first.  Knight c6.  That blunders a fork, but I mean do I even want to take his rook though, because I don't  really have any other pieces to use right now due to the rules, and moving the knight  back obviously sounds way too impossible.  Nevermind.  So normally I would say mission accomplished, but since this guy played like he was the  biggest paid actor of all time, I'm not gonna say that today, but instead I'll say.  I solemnly swear, that this guy is not a paid actor.  [outro] 