 I'm better than my viewers, nightmare! That looks pretty annoying. Today's challenger is a guy called,  no don't do that 101, and after discussing with him, we came to a conclusion that white actually  has the advantage in this position, which means that my opponent will be playing white,  and I will be playing black. Rook takes a6, so you may say that I need to turn the board over so  that the coordinates are written correctly for the black pieces, but since we don't have any  pawns this game, I also forgot about that. I'll take this rook. The plan is simple. Move more  knights towards my king, so that the horses can defend their lord. Okay, now I realize that no  matter how many times I take on a4, there will always be another rook ready to take back that  square. Therefore, I'll take the rook that is closest to my king. Rook takes b6, knight takes d7.  Move them closer baby! Rook takes e8, knight takes e8. Oh wait, maybe I should have taken  this rook instead. Yeah I should have done that. Knight takes a4. It's fine, let's just hope that  he won't bring in another one. Nevermind. Wow, now he just has to take this knight and then  checkmate me, and I see absolutely no way to defend it. Knight takes d6. It's fine, my opponent is  actually only 700 rated, there's a chance that he won't see the checkmate plan, especially when low  rated players are not very friendly with rooks. Ha, exactly as planned. Let's take this rook.  Rook takes. To be honest, now I'm pretty sure that he won't see the checkmate plan, but I also don't  have any plans myself to checkmate his king, and I think I'm also pretty bad with knights after  seeing Hikaru Nakamura playing with his horses. Let's also take this rook. Man these moves are  getting very random. Rook takes. This rook. Rook takes. Okay. Change of plan. Now I know that no  matter how hard I try to get the knights closer to the king, there are some pieces that are too  far away, which will take a lot of time to be repositioned. Therefore, knight takes g4. The  plan will change from defending to attacking, and there can only be 2 outcomes, one is that he  realize that his position is way better so he doesn't care about his king and continue to destroy  my king, which will definitely cause me to lose. Two is that he will get scared and defend his king,  which will at least give me a small chance to turn the table. Ah ha, he decided to defend.  Knight takes rook. Rook takes knight. Knight takes rook. Rook takes knight. Knight takes you  know what, rook takes the same thing again. Oh no, now he has officially put one hand on the  checkmate in one. But still, there is a small chance that he won't see it. Therefore, I will  not defend that knight, and go for knight takes d2. Disclaimer, I do not recommend anyone to play  chess like how I am doing right now, if your king is in danger, make sure you do your best to defend  him, I'm just hopelessly trying to be better than my viewers. Ha! And it works. Of course I'll  continue. The very first goal is to give a check into his face, and then we'll think about what to  do next. Perfect. Here we go. Knight e3, check. Dude. It's just a check, but it feels so good  like I've just checkmated him. Rook takes. Another check. And at this very moment, my opponent  resigned. And just like you, I have absolutely no idea why he resigned when he has a checkmate in  one that is literally unstoppable. But of course, I'm not gonna complain about it, and let's just  say, that I'm better than my viewers. 