 I'm Better Than My Viewers, a literal porn structure.  Man. These names are so cringing. Ladies and gentlemen and gays,  welcome to another episode of I'm Better Than My Viewers, the series that I have never lost  after all these years, and the victim this time is another Anatoly Karpov.  I'll take this porn first, the plan is very simple, he takes my bishop, I give a check,  he makes a queen, I give a check, he takes my bishop, I give a check.  Well, I mean he can also move his horsey to the rim.  I'll give a check anyway. I mean Stockfish didn't like that move very much,  but who cares about a stupid robot anyway. D takes e6. Bishop takes. Bishop blocks.  Wow. I have no idea why, but Stockfish really hates that move. Which is good for me.  King takes. Rook b8. Preparing to push these pawns forward.  e1 changing gender. e6 check. As you can see, Stockfish didn't like that move very much,  but even after thinking for 3 hours, I still couldn't understand why.  So if you have any ideas about that blunder,  please feel free to leave a comment below to brag about your amazing IQ.  King takes. Taking this horsey is fine, but I'll give a check first.  King f5. Very aggressive. Queen d5 check. Alright, now if he can just go king f6 to blunder a very  simple and easy to see checkmate in 10, that will be some great content for the video.  Of course he sees the checkmate. I'll take this horsey. Queen c1 check. Knight blocks.  Knight f6. Queen e6. No worries, I already saw that coming, and now if he can just go king h7  blundering queen f7 check king h6 is 4 stroke h8 check knight h7 is 4 stroke takes h7 checkmate  in 3. That will be very convenient. King g7. Aha, for your information, both of us actually can see  the evaluation bar on the left, which means at this point, I knew that there is a checkmate in 8.  So of course, I took the risk, it seems like I'm just blundering a rook, but the idea is to remove  the knight guarding the e8 square, and also make room for this pawn to go forward. Knight takes.  Ok. Here we go. E8. And guys, I have a strong feeling that this is going to be the second  dumbest decision of my entire life. But of course, I'm not a coward. And just like that, Stockfish  said. I am f***ed. King h8. And in this position, I didn't feel like playing the game anymore.  So I resigned. Therefore, I'm better than my viewers, but this guy, and only this guy, is equal to me.  [Music] 