 100 rated chess, but if your piece, not pawn, gets attacked, you must undefend it.  Well, I guess we also have to say, not king, because otherwise any checks will pretty much  end the video. And by the way, I'm pretty sure that this word doesn't even exist.  But anyway, we get a 123 from the US. It's kinda strange that I'm not getting any opponents with  premium memberships these days. D4. Let's be aggressive. E5. The famous blunderer pawn gambit.  D takes E5. Knight C6. Now a move like queen D5 attacking my knight will force me to undefend it,  but since there are 2 pawns defending the knight, I cannot remove them all at once,  which means I'll have to end the video. But you know, no one plays such a random move like that  anyway. Right? Of course. So if I remember correctly, the next theory move should be queen  E7, but there's a small chance that he'll play bishop G5 after that, which attacks my queen,  so I have to remove my queen's defenders, and since there would be 3 things defending my queen,  I cannot remove all of them at the same time, which means I'll have to end the video.  Therefore, H6. Let's just prevent bishop G5 in advance. G4. Very aggressive. Queen E7. Man,  it's kinda scary that he can just end my video at literally any time he wants.  G5. Too aggressive. I'll take this pawn. Rook G1. Ah ha, that blunder's knight takes F3 checkmate  in 1. But sadly, his knight is attacking my knight, and according to the rules, I cannot move my  knight, but have to remove the knight's defender instead. Therefore, queen B4 checkmate. Oh. Wait.  I blundered. Now if he plays C3, I have to remove the queen's defender, which is the bishop over  here, and since there is no way to make the bishop not defending the queen, I have to end my video.  Ha! Nevermind. I'll go back. Alright dude. Second try, now just play C4 and blunder a smothered  mate. G takes H6. I'll take with rook. F4. That attacks my knight, so I have to move its defender.  Queen H4 check. Rook blocks is forced. Queen H2 should be the best move, but if he gets really  aggressive and plays rook G2, I will have to move my queen's defender away, which means I will be  blundering a full queen. Therefore, knight G4. Instead of me blundering a queen, let's try to  smother his queen instead. Wow. I can't believe he saw that. Knight takes H2. Bishop E3. D5. Oh  wait that blunders a paw. Nevermind. That blunders a horsey. Queen takes E4 check. Rook blocks,  my rook is attacking his queen, but his queen is also attacking my rook, so if he doesn't move  the queen away, I will have to remove the rook's defender on my next move, and since there are 2  of them, once again, the video ends. Thank you. Bishop blocks. As I said, the challenge doesn't  apply on my king. Queen B4. That blunders a queen, but I cannot take it, because the queen is also  attacking the bishop, so I have to remove the bishop's defender. F*** this game dude.  Ha! He went for the pawn instead. Queen takes G3 check, and since my time is really low now,  let's speed up the video so you guys can also feel the intensity. King D2 queen E3 check king E1 and  now there is a checkmate in 4 of queen C1 king F2 queen F1 king G3 rook G6 king H2 queen G1.  But of course I couldn't see it in time pressure, so I went for knight F1 queen A8 check king E7  C4, and even though his queen is attacking my bishop so I have to move my king away,  f*** the rules because I don't have time left, queen takes C2, checkmate.  And since I ended the video myself, there is no what the f*** today.  [Music] 