 100 rated chess, but if you can blundermate in one, you have to.  That sounds a little bit too easy, so let's change it to "Any checkmates?" and I have  to play the Hyperbong Cloud opening.  Yeah, now that sounds a little bit more challenging.  We get a 3 0 7 American.  E4.  E5 is obviously the most popular response to E4, but if I play E5, there is a chance  that he's gonna play Qh5, and since the challenge requires me to blunder my king at any time  possible, I will have to play Ke7, which blunders queen takes E5 checkmate in one.  Therefore, E6.  I mean I normally don't like the French defense, but since I'll have to play the Hyperbong  Cloud, this move is actually kinda forced.  Bishop C4.  Alright.  Here we go.  King E7 is forced.  Queen F3.  I can already see, that this is not going to go well for me.  King D6 is forced, and to make it even more challenging, I will not retreat my king, which  means I will try my best to keep him on the 6th rank, or even further beyond.  E5 check.  Wow.  How the hell did he find that move?  Taking that pawn is blundering a checkmate in 6.  But as the challenge requires, I have to do it.  For those of you guys watching, feel free to pause the video right now to find the checkmate  in 6 for white, but I definitely don't think that my opponent is gonna cd4 check king D6  queen A3 check king C6 queen A4 check king D6 queen B4 check king C6 queen B5 check king  D6 queen C5 mate.  Of course.  I'll go this way.  A4.  Very aggressive.  Knight C6.  Well I mean if he can just blunder his queen right now, that would be very convenient.  Of course it doesn't happen.  I still get a rook though.  B takes A3.  Knight H6.  H4.  Oh.  I actually didn't even see that.  Now queen G5 is checkmate in 1, and as the rule suggests, I must not defend myself from  it.  So I guess.  D5.  Hey man, I'm attacking your bishop, so you won't checkmate me.  Right?  Ha!  Noob.  But now what do I do?  I mean attacking his queen is pretty much telling his queen to checkmate me.  Alright.  I guess we have no choice.  Knight D4.  Hey man, I'm blundering my horse here, so of course you won't checkmate me.  Right?  Of course.  That's a weird move.  Knight F5.  Well I mean since he's already missed it twice, I think it's time to take a risk and force  his queen to move away.  Queen E2.  That blunders- Oh.  Knight F5 actually left a spot for my king to run if queen G5 happens.  Did I just f***ing end my own video?  What the f-  [outro] 