 100 rated chess, but if your bishop sees a piece or pawn that wasn't originally on that bishop's  color square, the video ends. Very challenging, and since trading off the bishops will make the  challenge too easy, let's just say that my bishops must not die. F4. Opening up the bishops obviously  doesn't seem to be a good idea, therefore, the best plan is obviously to never push any of these pawns.  Knight c6. C4. Alright, that's pretty much all of the center pawns that I can use.  A5. Very aggressive. Knight c3. A4. Aha, A3 is gonna start a fight with my b-pawn,  and since my b-pawn has a very important task of blocking my bishop's view, I cannot allow that to  happen. Therefore, A3. You know what they say, better be safe than pregnant. Knight d4. Aha,  that knight now blocks the only square that I can develop my queen to, and even though knight f3 is  available, knight takes will force me to take back with one of these pawns, which is obviously not  good for the video, not to mention that I also don't want to trade pieces when I'm being down  2 bishops. So I guess, I'll develop my rook first. H4. This knight started on a dark square,  so knight takes e2 will make my light square bishop seize his dark square knight,  which ends the video, but I mean who plays like that anyway. Right?  Of course. That blunders a pawn, and if he can just blunder his queen too, that will be very  convenient. I solemnly swear, that this guy is not a paid actor. That blunders a woman, and now he  should be able to see, that my knight is threatening to take his c-pawn with a fork, so there's  absolutely no time to play a move like knight take c2 to end my video. Right? There we go,  that blunders a bishop and a rook, and even though I obviously should go for the rook because my  knight will 100% be able to go back, bishop takes g2 will actually force me to take his bishop,  which then opens up my bishop's view, and then a move like knight back to c6 will make my light  square bishop seize his dark square knight, which ends my video. Therefore, I have to take this  bishop first. Okay, here's how the plan goes. Rook d3, knight c6, knight takes c7, checkmate.  Knight b3. Aha, that knight now can take my bishop, which ends my video, so I guess a sacrifice  should be made now in order to be safe, but as you can see here, he's also targeting my rook,  so I have faith that he will take my rook instead of my bishop next move. Therefore,  rook d3. In no world do you take my bishop here instead of my rook.  Well, I guess not taking anything is also an option. But anyway, knight to c7,  a beautiful horse checkmate with the rook locking down the king from a very far distance.  Mission accomplished.  [Music] 