 I'm better than my viewers, but I'm being a little overprotective with Edward.  Let's go! Welcome to episode 15 of I'm better than my viewers, and the challenger this time  is a guy called Cheems Musashi. Let's take this rook. You know what they say, there's no better  way to win a chess game than taking your opponent's rook on the first move. Queen takes rook. Ah ha,  he's obviously threatening queen h6 check rook g5 queen takes g5 checkmate in two. Therefore,  knight f5. Man after those previous 14 episodes, I do know that people really like to make same  colored bishops, but this guy just took things to a whole new level, by making 6 same colored  bishops, and all got blocked by the same f***ing pawn. Rook takes g4. Knight takes g4. Well I mean  at least my knights are active. Queen g5 check. King f2 is forced. Queen g h4 check. I'll take  that queen, I don't even think that was a blunder though, he actively did that to flex that he has  more materials than I do. Queen d takes h4 check. King f1. Okay I do know that blunders are horsey,  but somehow I felt that king g1 is a massive blunder, so I chose to stick to my instinct  and sacrifice my horsey for the greater good. The horsey is dead. Queen 1 f2. Queen h4. Okay you know  what, this side is getting out of control, how about this. Knight d5, I'll attract his attention  towards the other side, and let's just hope that it will stop the attack on my king. Exactly as  planned. Knight b6, I mean if he can take my rook right now and blunders 2 queens at the same time  instead of 1, that will be very convenient. Of course it doesn't happen. Rook takes a8, take  this rook, please. Not very convenient. Rook a4. Queen back to b8. I need to double up my rooks on  the a-file, therefore, rook a3, rook a4 coming next, and actually, I think I've just blundered a rook.  Yeah, I blundered a rook. This is embarrassing.  Okay to my defense, I actually got a really bad stomachache at that time, so maybe that was what  got me blundered my rook, and I have absolutely no fault here. Let's give a check. King d7.  Bishop b3. Okay at least now these bishops can finally see some light instead of Edwards but,  rook g7, queen d3, d a3, queen e3, queen h3, very aggressive. Wow. If I don't take his queen now,  people are gonna dislike the video and say that I'm a coward. Therefore, bishop takes h3. King  run coming up next, queen h3, king e1, queen h4, king d1, can't catch me baby, queen h2, ah ha,  he wants his queen to be active on my second rank, so I guess, I'll block away the view.  I'm down for a rook versus 2 bishops trade, especially since these bishops have been doing  nothing but looking at Edwards right butt cheek the entire game. Queen h6. Man, even my opponent  doesn't like these useless bishops. I'll take this pawn. King e7 testosterone. And you know what?  I think I have a great idea. Knight f1. Oh no my darling. Woman down. No worries,  I still have one more. Queen d7 king f6 queen f5 king e7 queen d7 king f6 queen f5 king e7 queen  d7 check and it is a draw by repetition. And since that was a draw when I'm having a worse  position at the start of the game, I'm better than my viewers.  [Music] 