 I'm better than my viewers, sus sus amogus. Very suspicious.  Welcome to episode I stop counting of I'm better than my viewers,  and the challenger this time is a guy called Pumza Fun, with a rating of whopping 1500 rapid.  See pawn changes gender is blundering queen e6 check king e a queen g a checkmate in two,  but since he's 1500, there's no way he'll blunder his king on his very first move. Right?  Of course, knight takes f4, and in this position, Pumza Fun actually spotted that he has a brilliant  tactic, so he literally took nearly 2 minutes off the clock, and went for, c8 equals queen.  Wow. Queen e6 king c7 queen c a checkmate from behind. And since the video is still so short,  which is bad for the ad's revenue, we actually agreed to a rematch, I'm still playing black  this game, e f4 knight f4 same thing as before, but this time, he decided to go. King c8. Coward.  Taking with the queen is just telling him to run his king further away. Therefore,  I'll take with knight. F takes g4. Honestly, I actually didn't even notice that he had a pawn  targeting my bishop the entire time, somehow that was not even under my radar. King takes g4. d7.  Man this looks so hopeless. Queen h7. Let's try to create some counterplay, and who knows,  maybe he'll decide to be an unpaid actor for one more time. Bishop d8. Alright, somehow he decided  to block both of his pawns ways to change their gender. I'll move my pawn then, if he's nice  enough, he let David go all the way down and change his gender. David is dead. Rook g5,  well at least I'll try to keep Edward alive, because he is pretty much my only hope for this  game. And then he came for Edward. Edward f3. And he immediately went to c David. King g3. Alright,  at this point, I'm sure there is no way for me to win this game anymore, so I did the thing that  everyone does when they are losing. That is obviously. To offer a draw. And of course,  since he has so much advantage that there is no way this game can be a draw,  he logically accepted the offer. Therefore, I'm better than my viewers.  [Music] 