 If a bishop goes to a long diagonal, simp names 5 things that are... long.  Man, this is so gonna get me demonetized. We get a 1 59 from Norway.  Well, if I win the challenge myself, I won't have to worry about monetizing stuff.  E4. For those of you who don't know, there are 2 long diagonals on the chess board that are red  colored right now. Therefore, if a bishop ever lands on any of these red squares, I will have  to say... long stuff. C5. I was hoping that he can develop his bishop normally for a trade.  But well, at least that doesn't harm the video. Knight F3. Knight C6. D4. C takes D4,  knight takes D4. It's actually very rare to see a 100 rated guy knows about Sicilian theory like  this, so maybe this guy is actually a smurf. Knight takes D4. Queen takes D4. This is actually  good for me, since now G6 is not possible, and if G6 is not possible, there is also no bishop G7,  which means the video doesn't end. And he immediately threatened the video,  as soon as I think it cannot end. Wow! Now what do I do? I mean I have queen D5,  but after rook B8, there's nothing stopping him from going bishop B7.  Oh well, I guess I don't have any other choices. Queen D5, and now if he plays G6,  I would say that this guy has a camera in my house. Queen A5 check. Very aggressive.  But actually, that is good for me, since the video can be a little bit longer. Bishop D2,  and in no world do you end my video here, or create another threat to end my video.  This guy is absolutely destroying me right now. Alright, it's fine, now the video, is based on  luck. That blunders a woman. So normally when a man loses his woman, he usually cannot keep calm,  so let's just hope, that my opponent loses his mind, and play a random move like H5.  Yeah, or that. Queen takes A8. Okay, this is good. Now bishop B7 is not possible anymore,  and since I'm threatening queen takes C8 checkmate in 1,  there is no way that he's developing his other bishop. Right?  Aha! Yes. Queen takes C8. Checkmate. That was close.  [Music] 