 100 rated chess, but you are very aggressive. If one of your pieces, or pawns, can attack  an opponent's piece, or pawn, of greater value. Oh. Wait.  My bad. It has two. I normally don't take on impossible challenges, but since I won too many  challenges last week, I mean why not give these ones a try. We get a 170 from the US.  E4. Before I make the first move, let's make this clear. King, is 3.5. Since I always have to attack  what is higher valued, my queen should be my strongest tool in this game, because she's not  affected by the rules. Therefore, I'll open up my queen. I mean as long as he doesn't use his queen,  things are going to be fine. Okay. I guess things are not going to be fine. That woman is attacking  my pawn, but sadly, I have to attack her. I'm sorry Edward, but once again, you have to die  for the video. Edward is dead. Blocking with my queen is obviously a bad choice because she's my  strongest tool, therefore, bishop E7. Oh wait. On second thought, maybe blocking with the queen is  better because even though she's my strongest piece, his queen is also his most dangerous threat.  Oh well who cares anyway. D4. I really want to castle right now, but sadly, I have to attack  the woman. Queen F5. Ah ha, that blunders a rook to knight takes D4 queen F4 knight takes C2 forking  a king and a rook. But actually, if there is something I can say about the 100 rated players,  is that they are very bad at using their rooks. So I guess, D5. No need to take his rook,  I will try my luck at winning his woman. Queen F4. Okay now I really need to castle, but sadly,  I still have to attack his queen. At this point, I'm sure that unless he pulls his queen all the  way back, I will never be able to castle in this game. Queen H4. Okay, now comes the real problem.  I now have to choose either bishop G3 to attack his queen, which blunders a bishop, or G5 to attack  his queen, which blunders a pawn, probably a knight too. Alright, I've made up my mind. G5,  I mean there is a chance that he'll take with his queen, which will actually be good for me.  Nevermind. This video is going very wrong very quickly. Bishop E7 is best, but sadly,  bishop G3 is forced. Bishop takes F6. Ah ha, that is actually a bad move because after bishop takes  H4 bishop takes D8 bishop takes D8, the entire thing will become just an equal trade, but only  now that I realize, that bishop takes H4 is actually against the rules because the rules  said if my piece can attack his piece, it has to do so, therefore my bishop needs to stay right here  to continue attacking his queen, instead of taking his queen and then there is nothing else to attack.  So I guess, queen D7. Man I knew that his challenge was really hard, but only now do I realize how  impossible it is. Queen takes G3. Wow. This is really bad. Rook G8 is forced, queen takes G8  is checkmate in one by the way, but there is a chance that he's not gonna do it. Right?  Yeah there is no way this is doable.  [Music] 