 I'm good at skipping the next 10 moves.  No?  It was supposed to be.  I'm better than my viewers?  Mountain of faith.  Let's go.  Ladies and gentlemen and everyone else, welcome to another episode of I'm better than my viewers,  and the victim viewer this time is a guy called, The Real Deathmash.  Man, I've always thought chess was a friendly game.  I'll take this pawn.  Now he can make a queen on this side, but if he somehow decides not to do it, that will  be very convenient.  Well, very convenient.  I'll take it then.  H G2 H G2 K G2.  C takes B3.  You may be wondering, why didn't I take this pawn that is obviously becoming a woman in  the very next move.  Well, that was actually my bad, but in my defense, this game was played at 10 PM in  my place, I was a bit asleep, so I accidentally let him have this woman.  F1 changing gender.  Alright, change of plan.  D takes E5.  If he has queens on both sides of the board, I'll play in the center instead.  D E5 E D5 E D5 Bishop D5.  Rook takes D3.  Ah ha.  Bishop takes C4.  I bet you've never seen, a triple skewer.  Only in this channel do these things ever get to happen.  Rook D5 Rook D5.  Ha, the skewer is still there.  B takes C3.  That pawn going down means this game going down, I have to take it.  Queen takes F3.  Bishop C6, I need to be careful though, because even though my position is significantly better,  I don't want to get into a position with only my bishops and knights, because as I said  in the previous videos, I cannot checkmate with only those types of pieces.  Queen C3.  That blunders a lot.  Rook takes D1.  E4.  Can't save both women.  Rook takes E3.  Ah ha.  That blunders a bishop.  I mean if he decides to trade rooks, that will be a bit problematic for me because I  will only have 1 rook for a checkmate, but since he's down so many materials, trading  right now is not such a good idea.  Right?  Rook takes E3.  That blunders a queen.  Rook E4 F E4 Bishop E4 Queen E4 Rook E4.  King takes H2.  That blunders a very easy to see checkmate in 7.  Bishop F4 King H3 Knight G5 King H4 Rook E7 G3 Bishop E2 G2 Rook H7.  Checkmate.  I'm better than my viewers.  [Outro Music] 