 I'm better than my viewers. The canon. I have no idea how this can look like a canon when it is  obviously just an arrow. But anyway, welcome to another episode of I'm better than my viewers,  the series that I made so that I can brag about how good I actually am while also losing to the  100 rated guys in the challenges, and the opponent this time is a guy called lol3270.  I'll take this bishop first, I mean taking on a 2000 rated guy in a -15 position doesn't sound  like a very good idea, but who knows, maybe he'll disconnect and I can just make up a story that he  has resigned from the game. Bishop takes, queen takes is obviously not an option. Queen d4.  Bishop e4 bishop e4 c6. Knight d3. I mean c5 bishop b7 queen b7 bishop e7 queen b7 queen e4  queen e4 knight e4 will be very dangerous because we'll be going into an endgame with me being down  8 points in materials, but maybe he'll get scared thinking that he'll have to play against 5 horses  with his 3 same color bishops. Ha! Coward. Knight f5. Bishop e5. Knight d6. Alright,  one knight there, if we can put 3 knights in these 3 squares, maybe we'll have a chance at  an early checkmate at his king. Bishop takes d3. Knight takes d3. b5. Wow! Knight c5. Dude,  that was very convenient. King b8. Ah ha! You see? He is getting scared. Knight f5. Alright,  now all of the horses are active, all we need right now is my opponent blunders 10 moves in a  row and allow a forced checkmate. b4. That doesn't look like a blunder. And I have no idea what to do  right now. Knight d7 bishop d7 knight b7 queen b7 knight b7 queen d4 knight d4 king b7. This doesn't  look good at all. And then I did the thing that everyone does when they know they are about to  lose. How about a draw? Smiley face. And he declined. So we shuffled our pieces for the  next 10 moves and I couldn't make any progress. I resigned. And since I started in a worse position,  I'm better than my viewers, but this guy, and only this guy, is equal to me.  [Music] 