 100 rated chess, but you're a communist, you must checkmate when you both have equal materials.  One of the most challenging challenges when put against a 100 rated opponent.  But I'm not a coward. We get a 115 from Russia. And don't ask me why it is Russia.  E4. E5. Still theory. I mean I can easily checkmate him without making any captures  to maintain a 0-0 balance in materials, but that way of doing things sounds like what a coward  would do and it also ruins the purpose of the challenge. Therefore, D4. I will let the captures  happen, and then maneuver the balance of the game when the time is right. D5. A counter gambit.  I'll take this way. E takes D4. Ah ha. It seems like this guy is trying to mirror my move.  So I guess, Q takes D4. Ha. Can't mirror that you i-  Or you can. But that blunders a queen. Q takes D5, is a great move. Shut up Stockfish.  Bishop E7. Bishop C4. I'm up 9 points in materials right now,  but no worries, we still have a lot of materials to sacrifice.  Knight C6. Ah ha. That blunders the F-pawn and will most likely allow a big attack at his king.  Therefore, bishop H6. Attacking right now is obviously too early as I'm still being up too  many points of materials, so let's give him back a few points first. G takes H6. Knight C3.  Bishop G4. Ah ha. This guy is trying to prevent me from castling, and you know what? I will take  this chance to sacrifice my rook. We'll start the attack immediately if he really decides to take  this rook. Thank you. Here we go. Queen takes F7 check. I mean I'm still being up 2 pawns,  but that can be fixed in no time. King D7. Bishop E6 king D8 queen G7 should be best as I can  continue to win more materials, but I obviously don't want to take anything more. Knight D5.  I want a quick checkmate. H5. Very aggressive. Knight F3. Somehow I feel like something very  weird is about to happen. Yeah. Like that. Knight D2. I'm trying to get him tunneled  vision into this corner and thus decide to take this pawn. Exactly as planned. A4. One more pawn,  and we're equal. Absolutely. Now we can finally checkmate him. Queen F5. I'm threatening knight  E4 checkmate in one, and if this 100 rated guy can go bishop C2 putting the bishop back to the  square that it has just left, I'm down to just resign this game and give him the rating points  that he absolutely deserves. Well I mean he has the idea, just not the correct square. Knight E4.  Checkmate in the middle of the board. Mission accomplished.  [Music] 