 100 rated chess, but you have to mimic your opponent every second move.  I feel so bad taking on a challenge from a guy that is timed out.  But who cares anyway. We get a 129 from the Philippines.  And in case you're wondering if I'm gonna unmute that guy after the recording,  no chance.  E4. I don't have to mimic him on my first move, but the best move is still  E5.  Qf3.  Alright, now the challenge officially begins, Qf6 is forced.  Trading queens with a 100 rated opponent is not really an optimal decision,  but it's fine.  Nh3.  Okay now that is even more problematic as he may decide to take my queen on his  next turn and I cannot make a mimicking move.  So I guess, I have to move her somewhere else.  A random knight move or queen move here ends the video,  but since he has already put his queen on a very good square and there is no  safe square for his knight to advance forward.  Of course those pieces won't be moving this move,  and there is also no way he's randomly moving his king sideway.  Right?  No doubt.  D6 is forced.  Ng5.  I'll have to copy his next move, and since he's just moved his king's knight,  big chance he's not moving it again, Nf6.  D4.  D5 is forced.  Pawn moves are very dangerous as they are not very flexible for me to adapt,  for example this capture is insane as I won't dare to capture back as it will  provoke him to move his queen and I cannot mimic that.  Nevermind.  I don't have to mimic, but since he may want to move this pawn again,  E takes D4.  D6.  I saw that was coming, D3 is forced.  D takes C7.  Alright, now the situation gets very complicated.  If I take this pawn, C D8 is a check and I cannot mimic that move,  but if I take this pawn, queen takes or pawn takes also ends the video,  and if I just make a random queen move, a promotion is also not copyable,  so after a while thinking about the position,  I took this pawn anyway.  Bishop takes, please.  Thank you.  Bishop D6 is forced.  D3.  I don't have to mimic that move, but in this position,  something unexpected happened.  He offered a draw.  Draw accepted.  Mission accomplished, and I'm not a coward.  [Music] 