 100 rated chess, but you don't tell us what side of the match you are playing as,  then make a community poll for people to guess. Ha! Let's see how smart my viewers are.  We get an unknown opponent from an unknown country. First move. E4. Changing side,  since my opponent playing white has played E4. E5. Playing white, and since I'm playing against  a beginner, there is no better opening, than queen H5. Trust me, he's gonna blunder his king very  soon. Black side, since I'm actually playing black, I don't want my viewers to guess that I'm playing  black. Therefore, I'm blundering my E4. I'm actually playing white, but since I also don't  want my viewers to guess that I'm playing white, I'm not gonna take that pawn. My opponent is  threatening a scholar's mate, so of course I have to block it. This pawn is free, but since I'm  actually playing black and not white, I didn't see that. Blocking the threat with the knight is  obviously the best move, but since I'm actually playing white and black is a 100 rated opponent,  black decided to push this pawn instead. Truthfully saying, I'm actually playing white,  so I made the best move of capturing this pawn. Taking this pawn is blundering a checkmate in 2,  and since I'm not playing black, black blundered the king. White sees the checkmate, queen H5 check.  King F8. And in fact, white didn't see the checkmate because I actually was playing black,  developing a knight instead. Defending the checkmate will make people think I'm actually  playing black. Knight F6. D4. Opening up the center. That blunder's a queen, and since I'm  truly playing black this game, I of course saw the blunder. White gives a check. To prove that  I'm actually playing black and not white, I make a backward knight move. Ha, no way a 100 rated  player knows how to make a backward move. Taking a pawn. Nothing special here. Developing a bishop,  nothing special here. Knight F3. And since black is having too much advantage, I need to make the  game balance, queen F6. And in this position, one side resigned, but of course I'm not gonna show  the ending screen because it shows the side I was playing. The poll for voting on which side  that I played will be made 60 minutes after the video is published, link in the description.  [music] 