 I'm better than my viewers, 3 persuasion needle.  I mean I don't know what a persuasion needle is, but I'm not going to ask.  Females and males and none of the above, welcome to another I'm better than my viewers video,  the series that I have never lost for even a single time after years of making videos,  and today's victim is a guy called Karkarki.  Karki.  Karkariki.  That took a while, but I managed.  One of these pawns is about to promote, but sadly, I can only take one.  F pawn changes gender.  King up queen F3.  Ah ha, now I have to choose between saving my bishop and getting forked, or avoiding  the fork and losing my bishop, and I guess I'll go for, knight D3.  I think I need these pieces alive to keep my king safe, so frack that rook.  Knight C7.  Queen A4.  Knight takes D5.  Bishop takes D5.  Trading pieces is probably not a very good idea for this game, but I need some tempos.  Queen takes D5 bishop E6.  Queen takes H1.  I'll take this pawn.  Queen H2 check.  King C1.  This is getting very difficult for me.  F3.  Very aggressive.  Queen takes D4.  Knight E7.  Rook takes B6.  Well, at least I also have a passed pawn.  Queen takes H3.  Even if I try to defend this pawn, he can still bring in more pieces, not to mention  that he can also check my king and advance his pawns, so I guess, I'll take this pawn  instead.  I mean who knows, maybe he'll decide to not take this pawn and give me some sort of chance  to counterattack.  Apparently he's not a paid actor.  And in this position, I see there is no way for me to win this game anymore, so fast forward  a little bit, he forced me to trade queens, we traded, pawn push rook F7, and before officially  resigning the game, I went for.  Rook C8.  The plan is very simple.  His best plan right now is obviously to turn his H pawn into a woman, but I'm trying to  humiliate him by making him get tunneled vision and go for a move like rook B7 trying to defend  instead of attacking, which will definitely be the most cowardly move ever existed on  this entire channel.  Ha!  Coward.  And of course after succeeding in humiliating him, I resigned.  Therefore, I'm better than my viewers, but this guy, even though he is a bit of a coward,  is equal to me.  [Music] 