 100 rated chess, but your pieces, and pawns, are vampires, they cannot step into the light.  Squares. Very challenging, but definitely not impossible. We get an exact 100 rated from Poland.  E4. Okay so the obvious idea is to make the most usage out of my dark square bishop. Therefore,  G5. My bishop will definitely have a good time on his longest diagonal on the entire board.  D4. Bishop G7. Oh no my pawn. The pawn is dead. C5, oh no another pawn. D takes C5. That blunders  a rook. Bishop takes B2. And by the way, this king's pawn opening borg defense borg gambit is  actually one of my favorite openings as black when I was a beginner at chess, and even though now he  has knight D2 bishop A1 queen A1 to counter attack but it's actually not that obvious for beginners  to see. Knight A3. That blunders an entire horsey, but I'll go for queen A5 check. You know what they  say. Give a check, it could be mate. C3. Now taking the rook is definitely the best move because queen  recaptures can no longer counter attack on my rook, but due to the challenge's rules, my bishop  obviously has more value than his rook. Therefore, I'll take this pawn instead. Queen D2. Aha, now I  can take the rook. I mean queen trade is actually very bad for me, but he should be able to see,  that trading queens when being down 5 points in materials is definitely not a great idea. Right?  No doubt. But that blunders a horsey. Man this guy is so weird, he made a perfect long range  discovered bishop attack on the G pawn in the opening, but then quickly blundered everything  else in the very next moves. Queen C1. That blunders a pawn, but of course my queen cannot  step out of the light. Therefore, bishop B2. King C2. Very aggressive. That blunders a queen,  but let's give a check first. King B1. I have no other choices but to take this queen.  Well, maybe he doesn't see that his bishop can go backward. Nevermind. A5. Let's try to get this  rook active. Knight E2. Aha, taking this pawn is just provoking bishop E3, which not only attacks  the queen, but also prevents rook A7, which is literally the only square that I can move my rook  to. Therefore, queen back to G7. No need to rush. Knight F4. Rook A7, B6 is coming next, and all I  can do is hope that he won't take my B pawn for just a single move. E5. Let's take this pawn first,  I mean taking this rook out is kinda hard, but if he can just resign the game right now when he's  already down 15 points in materials, that will be very convenient. Well, a win is a win, mission  accomplished. 