 This guy made a position for I'm better than my viewers, but sadly, I have to use it for my  viewers cheat. Welcome to the second episode of my viewers cheat. The rules are simple,  I play normally, my viewer uses stockfish with some special restrictions, and the viewer this  time is a guy called, chess simp is scared of me. Of course I'm not. G8 equals queen.  I mean if he gets a wife, I should also get one. Knight takes E2. Rook takes. Rook takes E5. Aha,  so at the start of the game, I asked him to choose a number from 1 to 5, he picked 3,  and since it is already 3 moves, I'll disable stockfish. Bishop takes E5. Knight's E3. I'll  take this rook. My queen is just way too passive, there's no reason to keep her anymore. Knight  takes D1. I'll take this knight. And as soon as I lost my queen, he gets a harem. I'll take this  pawn. 3 moves have passed, stockfish enabled. Queen G7. Alright. Here we go. Bishop D5. I'm  basically asking him, do you want to trade a queen for 3 bishops, which 2 of them actually  control the same color squares. And he does. Bishop takes queen takes rook locks queen takes  D5. Rook D2. Knight takes rook takes. I mean if he can also sacrifice his queen right now,  that will be very convenient. Well, rook takes. To be clear, only my opponent and you guys get  to see stockfish lines, I myself actually censored it on my computer. Trust. Knight takes B2. And at  this point of the game, I chose to go for, rook takes B2. As you can see, stockfish didn't like  that move very much, and the game shifted from my winning position, to a draw. Knight takes B2  again. I'll take this knight first. F pawn changes gender. Bishop C6, I actually forgot that these  pawns go this way. Knight D3. I'll take it, I have no idea what that was for. King B8. He wants to  promote his A pawn, so I'll take his B pawn. Queen C5 rook B3 queen D4 rook B2, and since my viewers  don't want me to skip the moves, I'll play them real fast. Queen C3. Rook C7 king D4 rook C3 king  C3 bishop H5, draw by insufficient material. Ha! My viewer cheats, but he still couldn't beat me.  [outro music] 