 I am better than my viewers. Well actually the series name is I am better than my viewers,  but you know, it's fine. Welcome to episode 11 of I'm better than my viewers,  and the challenger this time is a guy called Flair, with a ratings of whopping 1852.  G6, I'm obviously threatening H7 checkmate in one, so if he can just blunder it right now,  that will be very convenient. Of course he sees it. At least I win a knight. I mean having an  evaluation of -16 against an 1850 is not really a situation that I want to be in, but I can still  see that there are chances for me to turn the table. Knight takes F6. F5. I mean what else  can I do anyway, and good luck finding that checkmate in 21. Dude. He's actually spending  time to find it. Ha. Noob. I really want to take that pawn back, but blundering this pawn also  doesn't seem to be a good idea, so I guess, I have to check here. In a perfect world, he'll go king  takes G7, H6 check, king takes H6 and then I'll have a wife. I guess I'm maidenless. G takes.  King takes. H6. Man now I realize that even though I have a lot of pawns, most of them are so useless  because it takes too many moves to push them forward and make them actually show their value  on the chessboard. B takes A2. Ah ha, I think he wants to say that now it is his turn to attack.  G5. No, it is still my turn, I'm the attacker here. And then he says no, it is his turn,  but again, no, it's still my turn. Okay fine it's his turn. King takes A2 is forced. Now don't tell  me that he's gonna see the entire checkmate in 10 and absolutely humiliate me in front of my views.  Ha, of course not. C takes B4. I mean I was supposed to say that blunders a horsey,  but I think we all know very clearly that losing a horsey is nothing much right now.  Knight takes B4 check. King B1. No worries, it's very hard to checkmate with only knights,  even to an 1800. Well but it's not that hard to take all the pawns with those knights. King C1.  Knight back to B3 check. Ah ha, I don't know if he's offering a draw by repetition,  but if I trust him and go king B1, there is actually knight A3 check B takes A3 knight  C3 check king B2 is forced knight B A4 checkmate in 3, and even though I didn't see that checkmate  in 3 during the game, I did know for sure that going back to B1 was very dangerous,  and I also don't think I can trust him for making a repetition draw, therefore, king D1. At least I  calculated that my king will be able to move to the other side and stay safe behind the pawns  for a couple of moves. Knight B2 king E1 knight C2 king F1 knight D2 king G1. Ha, guess what,  there's no more check, unless he goes knight C3 knight E2. C3. Ah ha, he's obviously aiming to  get a wife, therefore, I need to make progress right now. E4. Knight E1. E takes F5. Alright,  let's see who's better, your C pawn or my 5 pawns. Knight D7. Ah ha, I can see, that he's getting  scared. He will 100% sacrifice his knight if I play F6, therefore, G6. It's very rare to see  someone getting scared that they'll lose when Stockfish is saying that they have a checkmate  in 16. F takes G6. I'll take this way, the grandmasters always say that you should take  towards the center, but this time is absolutely different because there are some very hungry  horses in the middle of the board. King G8. And then at this very moment, I realized that no matter  how hard I try, there is no way I can make a queen unless he blunders it real hard. But well, let's  just try our luck. H7 check. King takes G7 is forced. H6 check. How about king takes H6? Nevermind.  Random move go. G4. C2. And in this position, I realized that he only needs one move to get a  woman, and since I didn't have any women in this game, I cannot allow him to have one, therefore,  I resigned. But even though this guy have one and I should be saying I'm better than my viewers but  this guy and only this guy is equal to me, there is actually a very big plot twist here. You see,  this is actually the second game that I recorded with this guy, and for why this is the second  game, it's because in the first game, after my G6, he actually went for B takes A2, which obviously  blunders H7 checkmate in one with a pawn, and then he said brah, even though I should be the one who  say that instead of him, so then I felt bad for him and I also couldn't just make a video with  only one move featuring a freaking 1800 blundering his king at the very first move of a chess game.  I decided to play a second game like you've just watched, therefore, I won the first game,  he won the second game, so it was a draw, which is to say, that I'm better than my viewers.  [Music] 