 100 rated chess, but if a protected piece, not pawn, dies, all of its protectors also  have to die as soon as possible. And of course, this only applies to my pieces.  Very challenging. We get a 1 1 1 from Spain. E4. The rule doesn't apply on the pawns,  therefore, why not go for a gambit? Well it's not a gambit just yet because my queen can still  recapture, but I'm actually planning to sacrifice all of my pawns down the road.  D4. Ah ha, a counter gambit. Then why not go for? A counter counter gambit. I'm predicting  a counter counter counter gambit, and then a counter counter counter counter gambit.  Nevermind. Knight c6. E takes d5. Knight takes e5. Alright, now since the board is very wide and  open, I strongly believe there is no way in hell that I'm losing this challenge. Therefore, mission,  almost accomplished. Bishop f4. Knight g6. Knight c3. That blunders a bishop.  G3. Very aggressive. Knight back to g6. Bishop d3. Ah ha, if he takes my knight, my f-pawn and my  h-pawn also have to die, because they were protecting my knight, and then my rook also  have to die, because it was protecting the h-pawn, and then my king also have to die,  because it was protecting the f-pawn, but since my king can never die due to the game's rules,  I have to either resign or end the video. Therefore, knight e5. If a piece has to die,  make sure it dies. Alone. F5. Knight takes d3. Ha, now even if he takes my knight,  no pieces will have to die with it, because as you can see, no one protects that horsey.  C takes. Knight f6. Knight f3. Bishop g4. Rook f1. Bishop b4. Oh wait I blundered a fork.  Alright, laugh all you want, I just want to say that I do blunder pieces sometimes,  and after a long time playing against the 100 rated people, my skills have been seriously  degrading. Well, I mean if he doesn't see it, it doesn't matter at all. Bishop takes c3.  B takes c3. Again, even though my bishop dies, it was not protected by anything,  so no pieces have to die with it. Knight takes d5. C4. That blunders a fork. Oh, wait. Now there's  queen e2 pinning my knight to my king, and even though I have queen e7, king f2 will win my knight,  because if my knight moves, he can take my queen, and since my king will be defending my queen,  I have to let my king die as well, which is not possible, so in conclusion,  if he plays queen e2 right now, I will be forced to sacrifice my knight.  Ha! Right square, but wrong piece. That blunders a woman.  Rook takes, and he resigns at the same time.  Mission accomplished.  [Music] 