 I'm better than my viewers, and as the situation suggests, I guess I'm playing white. The challenger  this time is a guy called LOD. The weakest point of a pawn chain is definitely their starting points,  therefore, G2. Rook K7. Oh, I've just realized that even if I play B2 now, there is still  absolutely no way to defend my C1 pawn. So I guess, E5, if I can't defend, of course I'll attack.  Knight D5. That blunders a fork, I mean if he can just feel embarrassed and then resign right now.  Nevermind. Let's take this knight. But still, even though I've just won a knight, it's still +13 for  him, so the situation is actually not that much better. Queen takes. E4. So in this position,  even though the valuation bar on the left is only saying -18, there is actually a checkmate in 8 for  black, so if you're interested, please feel free to pause the video to find it, but for me, I'm  totally not into such absurd thing. Knight B6. E3. As long as he doesn't go rook A1, I can still  slowly make my progress. Nevermind. Alright, panic time. E5. I mean if he can just blunder his queen  right now, that will help me. A lot. Sadly he's not a paid actor. King up, have to advance everything  if I want to win. Rook takes C1. Okay, at least now there is no more pawn for him to take. C4.  I mean -21 is actually not that bad, but actually, when I run this through stopfish after the game  is done, it's actually -72.9. Which is to say, really bad. Queen A4. Very aggressive. Now I'm  sure that all of the pawns in this side is gonna die sooner or later. Therefore, I'll use the other  side. Bishop G4 check. F3. Bishop takes F3 check. Oh wow. So even though stopfish didn't seem to  like that move, I actually think that was a very good move, because now if I take with pawn,  there is a checkmate in 5 of rook H2 check. F2 rook D1. King D1. Queen A1. Check. King E2. Rook  H1. And my king is literally stuck in the middle of his own soldiers. Therefore, king takes F3 is  kinda forced. Well I mean that blunders a lot of these pawns, but that's still a lot better than  blundering my king. Rook takes D1. This check is too dangerous, therefore, F2. Man I really just  want to resign right now, but the video is still too short to be ended. Queen takes E2. A desperate  move. E6. I mean if he can just make some random moves and allow Edward to E7 and F8 to change his  gender, that will be very convenient. Of course it doesn't happen. G4. Now there is a checkmate  in 2 of rook H3 king G2 and queen F1, but it is actually very hard to see because he needs to  notice that his queen will be defending his rook by X-raying through my king. And he saw it. By the  way, this guy is only 900 rated. King G2 is forced. Well maybe he doesn't see the final blow.  Well, I'm still better than my viewers, but this guy, and only this guy, is equal to me.  [Music] 