 100 rated chess, but you are left-handed, all catches by your pieces and pawns must be to the  left. And just for this game, I will also be playing with my left hand. We get a 135 probably  right-handed guy from the Philippines. G4. D5. Since bishop G4 is a left-handed move,  there's nothing wrong with just giving his pawn an attack. Bishop H3. E5. Taking the full center,  but in fact, I'm actually only taking these 2 squares. G5. Aha, that started a bishop Mexican  standoff, and since if he takes my bishop, I actually cannot take back because that move  is to the right. So I guess, I have to... take his bishop. Man I almost mouse slipped there.  Knight takes. For your information, I'm using a Logitech G3 O4 wireless mouse,  so it is actually not that hard to play with my left hand, not to mention that I used to  practice my left hand a lot during the time I was maidenless. H6. G takes H6. Rook takes is also fine,  but since I can only take to the left, knight takes is kinda forced. Vertical moves are not  to the left. Rook G1. Man, if you really think about it, my rook are actually pretty useless  in this game, because they can only capture horizontally to the left, which means their  attack power has been nerfed by a whopping 75% damage. Knight F5. Okay I know that move is very  weird, but trust me, I have a plan. Knight G5. Bishop. C5. Knight F3. Queen F6. Alright, the setup  is complete, now all I have to do is to kick this knight away from blocking the queen's way to attack  his king. Or he can move the knight himself and blunder it at the same time. I think the best  continuation right now should be bishop takes F2 baiting him to take with his king which blunders  are very easy to see. Checkmate in 7 starting with rook takes H2, but sadly this move is against the  rules. Knight G3. The plan is very simple, bishop takes F2, checkmate in 1. Or he can take the knight,  that also blunders queen takes F2 checkmate in 1, but since that move is not left-handed.  Bishop takes F2. King F1 is forced. I don't even want to take his rook to lose my bishop because  my rook is useless. So I'll take this pawn instead. Alright, here's how it's going. King moves,  I win. Knight blocks, I'm f***ed. Absolutely, queen F2 is checkmate in 1, but as a grandmaster once  said, if you see a checkmate, look for better. Therefore, rook H2 king G3 queen F2 king G4 rook  H4 king G5 queen F4 is checkmate, but he resigned instead. Mission accomplished.  [Music] 