 100 rated chess, but you are Genghis Khan, you can only take with a horsey, promote to a horsey,  and every second move must be horsey. The last part obviously sounds way too difficult,  so I'm just gonna delete that part away. And to be honest, it still sounds way too impossible.  E4. E5. D4. Ah ha, normally I would be taking this pawn immediately, but since only my knights can  do the captures, knight C6 instead. D takes knight takes F4 knight back. H4. Very aggressive.  Bishop C5, since he's already pushed his king's pawns, the plan is obviously to checkmate his  king before he can capture all of my knights. B4. That blunders a pawn, and as the challenge  suggests, I have to take with horsey. C3. Knight back again. F5. This guy literally hasn't moved  anything besides his pawns. Knight F6. E5. That blunders a pawn. G4. That continues to blunder  another pawn. Not gonna lie, this is really convenient. Bishop E2. Ah ha, my knights are  obviously worth more than his bishops, because they are the only pieces that I can use to make  a capture, so I guess. Queen E7. I don't even care about this fork, the only thing I care about is to  checkmate my opponent before he gets to capture all of my horses. Bishop G5. Ah ha. Here comes  trouble. Queen E4. I mean he should be able to see, that I'm clearly attacking his rook right now,  so taking my knight is definitely not a very good idea. Right? I can take that bishop, but again,  the target is his king. I still haven't found any checkmate patterns yet, but it never hurts to  give a check, and who knows, maybe he'll decide to go king D2 bishop E3 king E1 bishop F2 and we  make a draw by repetition. Nevermind. That blunders a queen. Knight E3 royal fork. Please resign.  Or not. Now comes the question. Do I take his queen? The most obvious outcome after I take his  queen, is that he will take my knight, and then I won't be able to capture anything for the rest of  the game. You know what? I have an idea. Knight takes D1. Bishop takes. Random move random move.  All right, it is time to deliver my ultimate plan. I offer a draw. Draw accepted. Ha. Mission  accomplished.  [Music] 