 100 rated chess, but your queen has to stay next to an opponent's piece.  Not porn. And I don't know about you, but I think this reaction is very funny.  But anyway, we get a 2-43 from the US. Of course, if I lose my queen, the video ends.  E4. Yesterday's challenge resulted in a pathetic loss, but today, it will not happen again.  D5. Of course I need to get my queen out to start the challenge.  E takes D5, queen takes D5. Alright. It's game on. So it's either he plays knight C3 and allows  queen D4 fulfilling the mission, or pushes a random pawn and forces queen G2, which makes me a fool,  for helping him ending my own video. No, that isn't fair, so let's just say,  that the mission starts at move 5. Queen D4. Of course pulling the queen back is a coward move,  which doesn't suit me at all. Knight C3. Aha! Now the mission begins. E5. Knight F3. Queen F4  will only provoke D4 discover attack on the queen. Therefore, queen G4. I mean this move is also  provoking knight take C5, but based on my experience, a lot of beginners are not going  to see that this pawn is hanging. Ha! You see? That blunders a pawn. Oh, wait. Now if rook G1  happens, my queen doesn't have anywhere to go, that doesn't end the video. Well, at least it  doesn't end right now. Bishop D7. Queen B4. That blunders a queen. The situation may look better  because his knight is no longer defended by his queen, but sadly, even if I take his knight,  the video still ends. Aha! Not anymore. Bishop C5. I'm forcing rook F1 to defend his F pawn,  or if he plays knight E4 instead, it will allow me to take on F3, because then my queen will be  next to his knight on E4, which doesn't fail the mission, and the threat of rook G1 will be  absolutely gone. And he doesn't play any of the above. Anyway. That blunders a checkmate in 5,  feel free to pause the video right now to find the checkmate, while I don't give you any seconds to  do so, because people skip the video, and the answer is, bishop F2 king D1 bishop A4 B3 bishop  B3 king E2 bishop C5 king E1 queen F2 mate, or bishop F2 king E2 bishop G3 king D1 bishop A4  B3 bishop B3 bishop C2 queen F3 mate. Of course I didn't see any of those. Bishop A4. Oh no my rook.  Ha! Now he finally finds rook G1. But sadly, it's a little bit late. Queen takes F2. Checkmate.  Mission accomplished.  [music] 