 100 rated chess, but it's a sponsored video. I will pay you $1 for every point of material you  capture from your opponent before the game ends. Every point of material you lose will deduct $1  from your pay. Extra $25 if you checkmate with a pawn, extra $5 if you play bonk loud. $1,000 total.  Here I come. We get a 139 from the US. And to reduce the chance that my opponent decides to  resign early into the game, I change the time control to 10 minute instead of the usual 5.  And I'm not a coward. E4. Logically speaking, I should have played E4 to get into a more positional  opening to avoid losing too many materials, but since I'll get another $5 playing bonk loud,  E4 is actually a must. D6. Not very aggressive. Here we go. King E2 is f***ing forced.  Plus 5 baby. Bishop G4 check. Very aggressive. F3. Bishop E6. Okay I know most of you guys are  gonna hate this move, but king back to E1. To be fair, I'm just making way for bishop to go out,  and I'm definitely not a coward. Bishop D7. This guy is obviously a pacifist. D4. Somehow I feel  like he's gonna blunder his bishop right now. Well, I mean it's fair to say that he's not a  paid actor, because my paid actor would have done a better job at hiding his identity. Bishop takes  B5. C6. Bishop A4 B5 Bishop E3. Queen A5 check. Bishop blocks. I mean if he can also blunder his  queen for free, that will be the easiest $9 of my entire life. Blue Cola. I'm sorry but I think you  may have to pay a little bit more than you expected. Plus $9. But still, our biggest priority  is to checkmate our opponent with a pawn for that whopping $25 bonus, and in order to do that, we can  only hope that he won't resign the game too early. Bishop E7. Knight C3. Bishop H4 check. G3.  Bishop G5. Now I'll take this pawn. It's going to be hard to win this bishop, so let's just ignore  it for now and shift our focus toward the center. Nevermind. That's another $3. Someone must have  paid this guy to play with me. H5. I'll take this pawn too. It seems like David is going to get us  that sweet $25 bonus. Rook H6. Oh no no no no no no no. It seems like he wants to get rid of David,  so even though my queen is obviously already defending it. Rook D1. Now David is very heavily  defended. Well at least that is another $4. F6. Queen D8 is checkmate in one. But of course,  I prefer $3. Bishop takes G8. He's a miss. Shut up Stockfish. G5. I feel like he's just gonna  resign at any moment now, so let's not greed-taking all of these pieces. E5. Please don't take it.  This guy blundered his entire board, but somehow still managed to take away all of those important  pawns. Queen takes king move queen takes. Frank. Let's go. King E8 F4 king F8 F5 king E8 F6 king  F8 bishop B4 C5 one free dollar king E8 and F7. Checkmate with a pawn. If my calculation is  correct, that is $56 in total, but since this challenge is not a checkmate mission,  there is no mission accomplished today.  [Music] 