 Chess, but it's a normal game at your normal elo, if you lose you reveal your elo.  You must be new to the channel, because people who have been watching me from the beginning  they all know what my rating is.  But still, it's good to make a video about it.  We get a guy from Italy.  D4.  Knight F6.  Maybe a London system against King's Indian game.  B4.  Very aggressive.  That move doesn't control the center, therefore, I'll reclaim the center.  He is now one move behind me in development, so I'll go for a reversed London system myself.  Knight C3 Bishop F5 E3 E6 Knight F3.  Ah ha, he's gambitting this pawn so that he can have a half open B file to attack me,  and even though it looks really dangerous, I'm not a coward.  Bishop D2.  B1 will be very annoying.  Bishop A5.  Knight A4.  I don't want to trade with his bad bishop.  Bishop B6.  Bishop E5 check.  C6.  Bishop back to E2 again.  Knight BD7.  C4.  He starts a center break when none of us has castled yet, so I have to play more aggressively.  Bishop B4.  He's trying to stop me from castling so that a center play will be more dangerous toward  my king, so I guess, Bishop C7.  Of course I don't want to lose my bishop against an offsided knight when I have to fight in  the center.  And then somehow he decided to allow me to castle again.  You know what, since he wants me to castle, I'll move my queen instead.  Ha, I'll make him think I want to castle the other way, when there is absolutely no world  where I'll be doing that.  Rook B1.  Queen G5 may get knight H4 which is very annoying, H5.  H4 queen G6 coming.  Nevermind.  B5.  Knight move I'll fork.  On passan my rook gets an open file.  Knight B2.  That blunders a fork.  Knight C3.  Queen C2.  Bishop A5.  Before you decide to comment that I suck at chess by missing a free queen, I just want  to tell you that my brain wasn't capable of thinking that my opponent will be blundering  his queen like that, that doesn't happen a lot, so I'll say that wasn't my fault, but  more like the challenge give us fault.  Queen C1.  Knight A2 is winning a queen, but I'll take this rook instead.  I can also win a bishop after this rook.  And in this position, my opponent resigned, I cannot show you the resignation screen because  it exposes my elo, have a great day.  [Music] 