 100 rated chess, but all of your pieces are frozen. Every time your pawn captures,  you unlock the piece from his original file. Very interesting. We get a 1 26 from the US.  Alright, so I can only move pawns now. E4. It's fine though, I always have faith in the little  guys. B6. Not very aggressive. D4. Bishop B7. Ah ha, if I lose my E pawn now, it means that my king  will never be able to move anymore, which is extremely dangerous. Therefore, D5 is kinda forced.  I'm predicting E5, all pass on, and he resigns because he thinks that I hacked into the game  server. Well E6 is also very convenient though. D takes E6. Ha! You fool! Now I can activate my  queen. F6. Weird move. I'll take this pawn as well. And even though my pawn was on the E file,  the challenge said that I can only unlock the piece on the pawn's original file,  and since that was originally the D pawn, I still don't have access to moving my king right now.  Queen takes D7. Trading queens is obviously a bad idea, especially since she is my only tool  right now. Therefore, queen F3. Everything is great, I have my queen now, let's just win this  game real fast. Knight A6. C4. I have to be careful though, because if I lose a pawn,  the piece on that pawn's file will never be able to move. Rook D8. Oh no! Is he gonna blunder queen  D1? I mean after queen D1 queen takes D1, rook takes D1 is a check, and it forces me to move  my king, which is against the rules. Nah. I'm just worrying too much. G4. I think I've just  blundered something really bad, but I don't really see how. Bishop B4 check. Wait. Dude.  I didn't even see that. He saw that queen D1 was blundering to queen takes D1, so he plays bishop  B4 check, and even though knight C3 is best, I cannot play that due to the rules, but I have to  play queen C3 instead, which distract my queen from guarding the D1 square, which allows queen  D1 checkmate. What the f*** is this? Well I mean there is still a small chance that he actually  doesn't even see the checkmate. Ha! No. Knight takes will also defend the D1 square. But of  course, that is against the rules. B takes C3 is forced. Alright dude. Just one more move,  and I can activate my knight to defend the checkmate. To my defense, I actually went to  this guy's profile after the game, and then I saw, that he's played over 5000 chess games for the  last 10 f***ing years, but somehow still stay at the 100 rated ELO. Very interesting.  [MUSIC PLAYING] 