 It's January 1st, 2023, and what better way to start a year, than by calling my viewers,  cheaters. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the first ever episode of my viewers cheat.  The rules are very simple, we play a custom position, but my opponent gets to play with  stockfish, with some special restrictions, that I'll explain during the video. Too much talking,  Knight df6. As you can see, I'm opening stockfish right now for my opponent to use, but I actually  cannot see it because I'm censoring it on my computer. Trust. Rook h6. I think my pieces  are placed correctly, now let's just move the king. Rook h4 king b6 bishop e6 king c7.  The plan is very simple, I want to go king b8 threatening his pawn, which provokes rook h8  check protecting the pawn, and then I can go knight e8 countercheck and also skew as the rook.  He saw it. Alright, as I said before, my opponent can only use stockfish with some special  restrictions. At the beginning of the game, I asked him to choose a number from 1 to 5,  he picked 4, so now after 4 moves, I'll disable stockfish. No worries, I'll enable it back after  4 moves more. King d6. Bishop f5. That was his first ever real move in this entire game. King e5,  rook h3 knight d5 bishop g4 aha! That blunders a fork. King f7. Alright, 4 moves surpassed,  I'll enable stockfish again. Knight takes h3. Bishop takes d1. That makes this pawn too dangerous,  I'll take it. Bishop g4. Knight g5 check. King e8. Knight d e4. Bishop e2. 4 moves again,  stockfish disabled, he's trying to bait me to take his bishop and let his f-pawn change his gender,  so of course, I'll eliminate it first. Bishop takes f1. Knight e6. Bishop g2. Unfortunately,  that trick doesn't work this time, now since he has blundered everything he's got,  we shuffled our pieces for a few moves, and he promoted to a knight. You know what? I'm just  gonna let that horsey live. And then after a few more moves, I get 2 queens, and he resigned.  Ha! Even with stockfish, my viewers still cannot beat me.  [Music] 