 100 rated chess. But you and your opponent cannot capture a piece or pawn with the same kind of  piece or pawn. Let's go. I normally don't take on easy challenges, but you know, I'm really running  out of ideas at this point. Pushing center pawns is just asking for troubles. So I guess, knight f3,  d5, g3, e6. Not very aggressive. Bishop g2. Well, actually I'm also not very aggressive.  Knight f6. Castle. It's pretty amazing how he hasn't made any weird moves when we're already  3 moves into the game. Ha! Here it comes. d3. I know pushing center pawns is a dangerous act.  But you know, I also need some center space if I want to win this game. Knight c6. h6. Knight e5.  Ah ha! Taking his knight and then go d4 is obviously the best continuation, but that makes  me a fool, for ending my own video. Therefore, knight fd2. Of course I also cannot leave my  knight there for him to take and end my video. Bishop b4. Ah ha! This mission doesn't allow the  pieces to murder their own kind, so imbalanced trades like this is definitely good for the video.  Therefore, a3. I mean since he plays bishop b4 right after I moved my knight to d2,  there is no way he's not taking my knight, right? Well, I guess everything can happen in this world.  Knight c3. Ha! Now he decides to take. But anyway, as mentioned before,  imbalanced trades should be good for the video. B takes c3. Castle. Bishop b2. d4. Ah ha! Taking  the pawn is obviously the best move, but you know, I don't want to end my video. Therefore,  c4 is kinda forced. Queen g5. That blunders a fork. But should I even do it though? I mean after  f4 queen takes g3 f takes e5, my pawn is too close to his territory, and a move like f6 will absolutely  destroy my video. You know what? I don't believe. F4. I mean after all of those moves, my e5 pawn  will be attacked by both his knight and his queen, so there's no reason that he's gonna play a move  like f6 to threaten my video. Right? Or he can just play like that. Rook takes f3. Well, that was even  better for me, but of course, the game is still on, and my f-pawn is being a little bit too aggressive  now, which may cause some big trouble in the future. Or not. Ha! Mission accomplished.  [music] 