 100 rated chess, but you can't move any pieces or pawns, one square at a time.  Yeah, f*** the pawns then. We get a 2 2 7 from Pakistan.  E4, for anyone that cannot count, that is 2 squares.  E5. Aha, so normally when I play against the lower rated players, I like to go D4 E D4 C3  the Danish gambit. But for this challenge, I cannot go C3 because that is a 1 square move.  So I guess, knight F3. Knight F6. I'll take this pawn then. He takes my pawn. Aha, now the best  move is queen E2 idea is knight F6 knight C6 double attack on the royal couple. But since that is a 1  square move. Bishop C4 instead. I mean at least after D5, I can pull my bishop back to defend  against his queen E7. D5. Bishop E2. F6. That blunders a lot. Bishop H5 G6 knight G6 HG6.  And I've just realized that I actually cannot take this pawn because that is a 1 square move.  I'm so f***ing stupid.  It's fine, it's not like I'm gonna lose this game after losing a horsey anyway.  F5. Very aggressive. D4. I mean if he plays knight F2 right now, it basically traps my queen because  she doesn't have any safe squares to go to, but who plays like that anyway. Right?  Of course. But that blunders a pawn. Ha, now if he can also play G5 allowing bishop H5 check.  That will be very convenient. Well. That was just a coincidence. Bishop H5 check.  Rook takes. Queen takes check again. King D7. I want to go bishop E5, but again, that is against  the rules. Knight C5. That blunders a horsey, but sadly, that is a 1 square move, so I guess,  knight C3. If he plays knight D3 right now, he'll force me to either take his knight with my pawn  or move my king, which makes me a fool for ending my own video. But I mean who plays like that  anyway. Right? No doubt. I'll take this pawn. Just like the beginning of the video, he'll take my  pawn next. Or he can also move his king forward. Knight back. Knight B4. Ah ha, he's obviously  threatening a check with a rook fork, which forces the video to end. Therefore, long castle. I mean  technically he still has 2 ways to end the video, but no way that can ever happen anyway. Of course.  Now I'll take this pawn. Enough preparation, now we take his king. Bishop takes D4. That blunders  a queen, but I'll take this bishop first. Knight blocks. Taking this knight is best,  but since that move is 1 square, I have to take his queen instead. Ha, and since I'm threatening  queen takes D5 checkmate in 1, there is no way he's ending my video right now. Right?  What the f-  [outro music] 