 100 rated chess, but you have to mirror your opponent, every 3 moves. That sounds pretty fun,  but at the same time, pretty impossible. We get a 191 from Singapore. E4. Ah ha! E5. The plan is  simple, I just have to mirror every single one of his moves, until it is impossible to do so anymore.  Knight F3. Knight F6. Mirror everything baby! Bishop C4. Ah ha! Now the challenge truly begins.  Bishop C5 is forced. I mean that blunders a pawn, but it's better than blundering a video.  Knight G5. Ah ha! Now the mirror everything plan doesn't work anymore because knight G4 is just  blundering a knight, and even though castling looks really good right now, it is a unique move,  which means if I castle right now, I won't be able to mirror his castle in the future,  which is bad for the video. Therefore, D5 is kinda forced. E takes D5. H6 looks really strong,  but since I'll have to mirror his next move, knight back to F3 is not a move that I can mirror.  So I guess, bishop back to D6, I mean let's just hope that he won't play knight C3 which  forces knight C6 blundering a horse. Nevermind. Knight C6 is forced.  It's fine, it's just a horsey anyway, but the real problem is now the F7 threat is up again,  and bishop E6 is bad because knight E6 F E6 bishop E6 and I cannot mirror that move.  Therefore, I guess I have to go with, bishop G4. You know what they say. If you can't defend  yourself, attack their woman. F3. Thank god. Bishop H5. Alright, at least that defends the F7  pawn, and if he can just castle right now, that will be very convenient.  Ha, you see? Reserving castling is obviously my best decision in this video. Castle is forced.  Ok, now everything is good, let's try to strike back. Well, but let's try to retreat first.  You know what they say, if you want to go forward, you need to go backward. Knight takes F7.  Oh no. That blunders a horsey, but if I take with bishop, he will 100% move his bishop next,  and I won't be able to mirror that move, which means I'll have to end the video, and even if I  take with rook, I also won't be able to mirror bishop takes F7, and the video is still going to  end. So I guess, my one and only move now is, bishop C5 check. Now please block the check with  your rook and force me to mirror it with rook F7. Yeah there's no way this challenge is possible.  (upbeat music)  (upbeat music)  (upbeat music)  (upbeat music)  (upbeat music)  ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ 