 I'm better than my viewers, and that looks very clickbaitable. Welcome to episode 17 of I'm  better than my viewers, and the challenger this time is surprisingly the same guy that gave the  position, called a Kanehirogi. Okay since this position has too many pieces in it,  I actually cheated a little bit and studied it before the game begins. Knight takes c6,  well I mean since I'm playing against the position creator himself, the fact that I practiced it  beforehand may actually not even matter here. Bishop takes c6. Aha, I prepared that one too,  queen h3. The idea is pretty obvious that I need to dodge this entire 4 rooks on one file attack,  but I think his best move is still to capture my queen, which is also in my preparation. Okay I  didn't prepare for that move. Wow. Now I guess it's time that I get destroyed. I'll take that  knight, there's no way that's a wrong move. Rook takes, queen takes d8, and I think I've just  blundered a queen after bishop takes. Dude what is wrong with me today? Oh wait he took with rook.  Rook takes d8 bishop takes d8 bishop takes f4. Ha, I thought I was so dead if he takes with bishop,  but he takes with rook instead and things turned out to be not so bad,  which is absolutely very convenient. Okay now he takes on h3. G takes rook takes bishop takes  rook takes, okay now there is only 1 rook on this side, I guess there's not much to be worried about  anymore. I'll take this rook, I mean this queen was about to die anyway. Bishop takes. b3,  not gonna lie, somehow I feel that this move is so good for a few moves now, but I just don't  understand why. Queen h7. Ah ha, he's telling me to take his bishop and blunder rook h1 king g2  queen h3 checkmate in 2, and of course, I'm not very interested in such checkmate. Therefore,  knight g3. Bishop back to c6. Bishop g2. Rook h4. Ah ha, as you can see, stockfish moved in a good  way for me after that move, which means I should have a very good tactic here. So I actually took  like 2 minutes in this position just to think, and then I found the absolutely brilliant move,  of knight takes f5. And of course, that was not the right move. Bishop g6, okay that was obviously  not his right move either, so I tried again, with rook takes e5. There is no way this is not the  right move. F e5 rook d8 bishop d8 queen d2 bishop d7 oh my god stockfish hates that move bishop takes  e5 check bishop blocks bishop takes king takes. And in this position, there is a checkmate in 6  for white, so if you're interested, please feel free to pause the video to find the checkmate,  while I don't give you any seconds to do so, and the answer is queen d6 check. And after king b6  there are 5 more moves that I don't want to show you here, but of course I definitely did see the  entire checkmate in 6. Trust. King c8. Well that actually makes things much easier. Knight e7 check  king d8 is 4 queen b8 check bishop c8 queen takes c8. Checkmate. And I mean even though I blundered  my queen at the middle of the road, I won the game in the end, therefore of course,  I'm better than my viewers.  [Music] 