 I'm better than my viewers?  You play as white.  Let's go.  Welcome to another episode of I'm better than my viewers, and the challenger this time is  a guy called Ragdoll Kitten, and as you can see, he is very high rated, so maybe after  all that time, someone can finally be better than me.  No chance by the way.  I'll take this pawn, I mean b1 changing gender e6 queen f5 is obviously too dangerous, so  there is no way I'm not taking that pawn.  d6 check.  I'll go back, and even though my king is in the center of the board, I actually think  that he is quite safe.  Each pawn changes gender.  The only way the queen can go out is to take the pawn on f5, therefore, knight g3.  Attacking the woman, defending the pawn, this horsey is the best.  Queen h3.  Ah ha.  Finally, it is my time to attack.  b7, I mean the attack is quite useless as I'll only win a piece that is already trapped  in the first place.  But still, it is progress.  Knight b7 a b7 bishop b7.  c6, I mean even though he is 2100 rated, if he can just ignore that bishop for one move  and allow me to have a queen so that our game can be a little bit more balanced, that will  be very convenient.  Yeah no way that can ever happen.  g7, ok I know that was a very risky move as it may open up the way for his queen to get  active, but I'm not sure if spending a lot of moves just to get a queen active is even  a good decision or not, so let's just see how things are gonna go.  Rook h7.  Ah ha, he is allowing me to have a wife, but as a real gentleman, I don't want to see my  wife dying immediately after we've just got married.  Therefore, I'll change this guy to a rook.  King takes.  Knight c3.  Knight e7.  Ah ha!  It's time to run.  Come at me baby.  Bishop takes f5 check, blocking with a knight sounds like what a coward is gonna do, therefore,  king c4.  Bishop c2, that move's sole purpose is to prevent my king from going back to b3, which  is to say, very aggressive.  Rook c1.  d5 check.  He's obviously provoking knight takes knight takes king takes queen e6 check and my king  is dead.  Therefore, king b4.  a5 check.  Ah ha, now the French move is possible, but as we can see, that is obviously a bad move  as it not only allows knight c6 check but also opens up his rook.  So I guess, king a3.  Once again, all poisson, is not forced.  Bishop b1.  Knight a2 bishop a2 king a2.  And in this very position, I realized that all I have is just a rook, a knight and once  again, a lot of useless same color bishops, so after my rook dies, there is no way I can  checkmate his king because again, I don't know how to checkmate with bishop and knight.  So I offered a draw, he accepted it, game drawn by agreement.  Which is to say, I'm better than my viewers.  [Outro music] 