 *clapping*  Men and women, my name is Detective Simp, and welcome to episode 3 of Fake the ELO.  As usual, the rules are simple. I play against a Discord member.  They play weird to hide their ratings, and then I'll make a guess for their ELO.  So far, I've won two times, and about the challengers...  Well, let's just say they don't have what it takes.  But anyway, let's go. Today's challenger is an American named B3-3 Thuvan.  F3. Well, such a shame that he didn't play B3 as his first move.  E5.  C3. Not very aggressive.  D5. After those two moves, I'm pretty sure that he is below 600,  because if he was a high-rated player who is trying to hide his ELO, that player wouldn't go for two moves in a row.  Qc2. Aha, now the aggressive moves are kicking in.  Nf6.  E3.  E4.  Be2.  Bd6.  Na3.  You know what? This is getting kind of boring, and if this scenario keeps on,  I will never know anything about his ratings, and this video will be very long, which means it will take a lot of time to edit.  Therefore, Ng4. I'm threatening Fxg4 Qh4+ G3 Bxg3.  Is he gonna see that even if he takes my knight, his king can move away from the check instead of G3,  or is he gonna get scared of it and leave his F pawn there?  And he chose an even worse situation. Qh4+ check. Well at least he should see G3. Right?  I solemnly swear, that this guy is not a paid actor.  That blunders a king. Nf2+ check. Kd1 is forced. Nd3 double check.  Kd1. And now Qe1 is such a disgusting checkmate, but sadly, I haven't gathered enough information about this guy.  Therefore, Dxe4. I mean at least he should be able to see that my knight is very dangerous here and should be taken care of immediately. Right?  Okay, I guess he has an idea of a Zxg, which means in-between moves in English.  But still, that blunders a pawn. Alright, now he should really take my knight.  I guess it will never happen. You know what? Let's get another blunder on the board. Bxh3.  I'm sure a lot of people are very mad that I haven't taken his rook for like a hundred moves,  but in my point of views, beginners are not very friendly with rooks, so there is no point in doing so.  But anyway, is he gonna see Nxh3 that also defend the f2 square, or is he gonna take with his rook and forces me to fork him with my knight?  Again, none of the above. Fun fact, there is a checkmate in 11 moves in this position, so feel free to pause the video to find the checkmate.  But of course, I don't give a sh*t about such madness. Exd3. I'm sure there'll be some people go like,  "Oh you noob you didn't see such simple checkmate in 11 moves!" And yeah, you are absolutely correct.  Qxd3. Bg4 check. Well at least see the knight block. Nevermind.  Qxh1, Nxe2, Bxc2, Qxc2, Nc6, b3, there we go, long castle.  Alright, very simple tactic here. Qg4 check, and forks my bishop at the same time.  And he doesn't see it. Dude. The game has lasted for 20 moves, and he hasn't seen any tactics at all.  You know what? Let's just leave the bishop there, and hope that someday he'll see the fork.  a5. Bb2. Aha! Finally! A tactic. I'll go all the way back.  Yeah, now he sees the fork. And at this very moment, I got a power outage, so the game was forced to stop right here.  But of course, I believe that was enough information to have a good guess.  These were the two only moments in the game, a discovered attack and a fork that he missed for like 200 moves.  And unlike last two videos, where people accuse me of cheating, this time, I will give an answer first.  I'm guessing... 3, 5, 1. Let's see.  [Beep]  [Music]  [Beep]  Oh well, I guess he did a great job of hiding his elo from me.  [Beep]  Ha! Nevermind. I'm right again.  [Music] 