 100 rated chess, but it's a wife trade, you must capture your opponent's queen with your  king and your opponent's king must capture your queen before the game ends.  Fine, we get a 179 from Denmark.  With premiumed membership.  E4.  B6.  Not very aggressive.  King E2.  Alright, come at me woman.  Bishop E7.  Man, I pushed my king up and all he did was continuing with his own plan.  Therefore, I'll push my king further.  There is no way he's not opening his queen now.  Man, even the opening the queen move is not very aggressive.  F4.  But it's fine, queen H4 of course.  It seems like this guy is trying to do a challenge where he's only allowed to move once square.  Knight C3.  Queen F6 and I'll resign.  Okay good.  H3.  Queen C5 check.  Ah ha.  Finally.  A f***ing check.  D4.  Okay so since I cannot put my queen down for a queen trade, the only way my king can take  his queen is that he has to blunder the woman.  Well, I mean that also blunders the woman, but it's just not the way that I wanted it  to be.  I'll take the bishop instead.  Okay that is very dangerous that he may resign after losing materials, but it's fine, I'll  give him some materials back very quickly.  And I mean who resigns the game after just losing a minor piece anyway.  Right?  Of course.  Bishop C4.  Let's give him some materials back as soon as possible.  E D5 knight D5 knight D5 bishop D5 queen D5.  Knight F3.  Alright, 3 ways to blunder your queen, I'm happy with any of those.  Sadly he's not a paid actor.  Queen D3.  Knight C6.  C4.  The plan is simple.  Queen E6 check, king F2, he makes a random move, rook E1 skewering the royal couple,  queen takes E1 desperado and my king takes his queen.  Or he can just straight up blunder his queen and laugh into my face because I cannot take  it.  Queen B3.  It's fine, I mean how hard can it be for me to take his queen with my king when he's  keeping his queen in the middle of the board like this anyway.  Queen takes F4 check.  King D3.  Knight takes D4.  That blunders the queen again, but of course, I'll take this knight instead.  Well, I guess now you can blunder your queen this way instead.  This unpaid not actor is so not very convenient.  Bishop E3.  Aha, that bishop is very close now, you might want to take it.  Or not.  Rook HF1.  I don't know, I'm out of ideas.  F6.  That blunders a bishop, C5 discover check.  Rook blocks.  C takes D6.  At this point I'm pretty sure that this guy won't resign at all so I won't give back any  materials anymore.  C takes D6.  Rook AE1.  Rook E8.  Aha, I can see this is our biggest chance so far in this entire game.  Bishop F2.  Ha, I'm attacking his queen, but if that queen runs away, rook takes E8 is a very obvious  backrank checkmate in one, so one of the very few choices possible is that he can sacrifice  his queen to take my horsey for a check, which finally allows me to finish this challenge.  Or he can just blunder his queen again and just like the previous times I still cannot  take it.  King C3.  Quite frankly, I don't think his position can get any worse than this.  And he immediately proves me wrong, by blundering his queen, both of his rooks, and his king,  at the very same time.  You know, I'm not gonna play this game anymore.  The video ends, have a great day.  [Music] 