 100 rated chess, but the center is the fountain of youth, any pieces, or pawns, that land  in it become immortal.  Too easy, we get a 173 from Canada, so the obvious plan is to not put anything in the  center, and also prevent my opponent from putting anything there.  Therefore, knight f3, I mean at least this prevents e5, but if he plays d5 right now,  that will be very bad.  b3.  Well, at the end of the day, that is just one pawn, and there is no way this video can  be destroyed by just one pawn.  Knight c6.  Bishop b2.  f5.  Ha!  Wrong pawn.  e3.  As long as I can stop him from playing e5, things are going to be ok.  Nevermind.  Bishop b5.  Alright, now both of his center pawns are immortal, but still they are only useless  pawns, and there is no way I'm losing to those.  Bishop d7.  Queen e2.  You may ask why did I play a useless move like queen e2?  Guess what, I actually didn't know what to do at this point, so I just wanted to play  a random move and then see what is going to happen next.  a6.  Capture is forced.  Bishop takes.  Since I cannot play in the center, let's try to make some progress on the edges of the  board.  h4.  And you know what Stockfish said?  h4 is a mistake.  Knight takes e5 is best.  Yeah f*** you Stockfish.  h5.  Ah ha!  Knight g5.  I mean if he can play e4 now to open my bishop and then move his bishop away so that I can  trap his rook.  That will be very convenient.  No, that was only one move, he hasn't moved his bishop yet.  Rook h3.  No way that bishop is gonna move.  Well, I guess sometimes things just naturally become very convenient in our lives.  Bishop takes g7.  Rook h6.  To be honest I'm actually very impressed that he found rook h6 to allow a recapture after  my bishop takes his rook.  It is not an easy thing to spot for a low-rated player.  I'll take it.  Knight takes, queen h5 check.  King f8 queen h6 king e7 queen e6 and we can pre-move queen f7.  Checkmate.  And since this challenge was actually a bit too easy, there is no mission accomplished  today.  [Music] 