 100 rated chess, but once your pieces move forward, they can only go backward for the  rest of the game. This has to be the number 1 challenging challenge ever happened on this  channel, and of course, I'm not a coward, we get a 100 rated from Honduras.  Knight c3, the pawns are obviously not affected by the rules, therefore, let's push them.  Knight f3. Knight c6. Well I mean if he really takes Edward now, this horsey actually cannot  take back due to the rules, but who plays like that anyway. Right? No doubt. d5. Of course you  also cannot take this pawn. Nevermind. That blunders a horsey, but if I take his horsey  right now, my queen will be absolutely useless for the rest of the game because she will only  be able to go backward. Therefore, I'm not gonna take it, my pieces basically only have 1 chance  to go forward, so I definitely need to make it count. Knight e3. E4 should be really strong,  but I don't want to trade queens in this game since my horses are absolutely useless. Therefore,  f4. I'll kick this knight away for bishop g4, and I mean if he plays knight g4 to give me his knight  for free with an extra tempo, that will be very convenient. I'll take it, well I mean just  blundering a horsey cannot be considered as a paid actor, so there's no need to swear anything here.  h3. I'll go back this way. g4. Very aggressive. French move, I mean if he can just play a random  move and let my very strong f-pawn ally to attack his king, that will help me a lot.  Wow. I can't believe that actually happened. That blunders a horsey, but of course I cannot take it  due to the rules, and if I check his king now, king takes queen h4 king g2 will be very annoying  because I don't have any tools to attack his king on a light square. Therefore, bishop c5.  Knight takes useless horsey. Aha. Here we go. G takes f2 check. King d2 is forced. Alright,  now there should be some sort of sketchy checkmate around here, I'll spend some time here to find it.  Aha. I found nothing. Let's take this horsey then. Queen g5 was not a good move due to the rules,  and the only way that I found to checkmate his king is that he'll play d4 right here to blunder  queen takes d4 checkmate in one, but of course such convenient thing can never happen in real life.  I solemnly swear that this guy is not a paid actor.  But anyway, queen takes d4, checkmate. Mission accomplished.  (upbeat music)  (upbeat music) 