 100 rated chess, but the bishops must never see the same square.  Wow. It's been a long time since I last see a challenge that only requires a specific type of  piece. Because you know, they are too easy. We get a 137 from Italy. Since this is a bishop challenge,  pushing center pawns is obviously a bad idea. So I guess, c4. It's a shame that I cannot use  the Italian opening against an Italian. d6. Not very aggressive. My original plan was to push c4  first, and then I can push e4, because my bishop's view is already blocked by my c-pawn, but since  he's playing very passively, let's go for... f4. I mean why not try to play both e4 and d4? Right?  b6. Aha! He's obviously threatening bishop b7 ending the video, so e4 should be able to stop it,  but if I play e4, there is also bishop a6, which immediately turns me into a fool. Therefore,  knight f3 is kinda forced. Now unless he goes crazy and plays bishop h3, nothing can end the  video now. c5. Alright, it's time to push those pawns. d4. Knight c6. Perfect. d5. Ha! Now the  biggest threat of bishop b7 and then takes my knight to end the video, does no longer exist.  Knight b4. That is even better for me. a3. Knight a6. Ha! Now since bishop a6 is no longer a thing,  I can finally play... e4. This mission is going so well in my direction.  f5. Aha! That blunders a pawn, but if I take it, he may blunder bishop takes f5, queen a4 forking  his knight and his king, but the point is, the move bishop f5 makes his bishop c the e3 square,  which is the same as my bishop, which ends the video. Therefore, e5. d takes e5. f takes is  obviously the best continuation, but then there is g6 ending the video. Therefore, I'll take with  knight. Knight c7. Aha! That brings back the threat of bishop a6 seeing the c4 square. But no  worries, I will not let him have the chance to play that move. Queen h5 check. g6 is forced.  Knight takes g6. By the way, Stockfish said, brilliant! h takes g6. I'll take the rook. Oh,  wait. I missed the checkmate in 2. Oh well who cares anyway. Now since my queen is attacking  his knight, there's no way he can play bishop a6 or bishop h6 to end my video. Right?  Knight e6. That blunders a horsey. Ha! Even better, now this bishop is pinned,  and his other knight is also being attacked, so the other bishop still cannot move.  [Sick Music]  Yeah this mission is obviously impossible.  [Sick Music] 