 100 rated chess, but you have a very high ping. Every piece move you make should be undone and  then done again. At first glance, it may sound a little bit too difficult. But to me, it's just  like a walk in the park. We get a 171 from India. Knight f3. d5. The challenge requires me to undo  every move I make, but it's technically impossible to undo the pawn moves. Therefore, I guess we can  all agree with. Not pawn. Knight d4. Wow. I thought knight f3 first is to prevent e5,  but it appears that he actually really wants me to play that move. Therefore, let's accept his  kindness. Knight f3. e4. Man, this guy has been really nice to me so far. Knight d4 again. c5.  Knight b3. Developing a piece is definitely a bad idea, because I will have to waste the next  2 moves to undevelop and then develop it again. Therefore, f5. It's all about the pawns baby.  g3. Alright. I said it's about the pawns, but there is no way I can win with the pawns alone.  So I guess, bishop e7. Bishop h3. Very aggressive. Here we go. Bishop f8 is forced.  Bishop takes f5. That blunders a bishop, but sadly, the challenge actually requires me to undo the  move, but then I'll have to do the move again. Therefore, bishop back to e7 is forced. It's  fine though, because if he didn't see my bishop last move, there is nothing assured he can see  at this move. Right? Ha! I think that he actually saw my bishop, but then he thought that moving it  back one square is already dodging the bishop. Bishop takes g4. f3. Ha! Jokes on you, you don't  have to attack me, I'm willingly moving it back. a3. Oh, wait. Again, the challenge also requires  me to do the move again after undoing it. It's fine though, at least I've already won a bishop,  so let's just consider it as a trade. d4. Man, maybe this challenge is not as easy as I thought  it was. e3. h5. I'm like 99% sure that he will castle right now. Ha! I feel like a god now.  h4. Kh1. He's inviting me to take this pawn, so why not? Qe2. That blunders a queen to rook h2  royal fork, but if I play that move, Qxh2 is very likely to happen, which prevents my rook from  going back to h8 to obey the challenge rules, which ends the video. So I guess. d3. The plan  is simple. cxd3, exd3, queen retreats, and I can play Qd5 check, which will probably lead to some  checkmate sequences. Perfect. exd3. I guess Stockfish is very angry right now that I keep  ignoring his queen fork. Qg2. Wow! That move stops Qd5, threatens to take on b7, and also  threatens to take on g3. This guy is absolutely destroying me, while still blundering his own  queen. You know what? I'm pretty sure this pawn is the only way I can win this game,  but since it is about to die, let's just give our last effort. Rook h2 check. If he takes my rook,  the video ends because I cannot obey the rules, and if he doesn't,  yeah this challenge is obviously impossible.  [Music] 