 100 rated chess, but your opponent is paying tax, every time the opponent captures a piece.  Or pawn, you must charge tax immediately by capturing a piece. Or pawn, that is equal or  higher value. I haven't seen any countries that charge 100% tax on personal income. But who knows,  maybe that'll happen somewhere in the near future. We get a 129 from a very potential country.  E4. E5. Nothing wrong so far. Queen h5. Knight c6. Bishop b5. Wrong square by the way. Knight f6.  Maybe he won't realize that he put his bishop on a wrong square and then blunder his woman.  Of course it doesn't happen. d5. He takes d5. Aha! That blunders a woman,  but if I take his queen right now, he can take my knight, and then I'll have to charge his tax by  capturing something worth 3 points or more, which I definitely cannot do in that position. Therefore,  I have to take this pawn instead. Bishop takes c6. He's just taken a 3 point piece,  so I have to take back a 3 point piece. Queen g5. H6. Knight c3. Aha! That blunders a piece after  pawn takes knight takes pawn takes, but after he takes my queen, I have to charge his tax by 9  points of material, which doesn't exist on the board as I have already captured his queen at  that point, so I obviously cannot do that. Queen e3. Bishop e4 a3 bishop a5 b4 bishop e6.  Knight a4. Aha! That once again blunders the woman, but again, I cannot tax anything after  he captures my bishop, so I guess, bishop d4. Ha! Now even if he moves his queen,  I can still take his rook because nothing can take my bishop there. Exactly as planned. Bishop  takes a1. Man that woman really dodges all of the danger. Knight c5. I'll go aggressive. Queen g4.  F3. Queen g2 knight e2 that blunders a rook king f2 bishop d4 check king g3. In this position,  there is a pretty hard to see checkmate in 2 that even I couldn't see during the game,  so if you are interested, please feel free to pause the video to find that absolutely amazing  continuation, while I don't give you any seconds to do so and I also won't tell you the answer so  that you'll have to scroll down to the comment section in case you want to know. And in the game  I went for, h5. F4. H4. Checkmate with a pawn. Mission accomplished, and again, his queen is  still alive. 