 100 rated chess, but gender equality is reached, you must capture the opponent's queen at the  same time as checkmating his king. Even though I strongly support gender equality, I still have  to say that I don't think it can be reached in this chess game. Knight f3. d5. This mission  sounds absolutely impossible, so the best plan is just to play as well as possible and then win by  resignation. Knight g5. Very aggressive. e5, somehow I'm very sure that he'll go knight takes f7 next.  I solemnly swear, that this guy is not a paid actor. King takes f7. e4. I'll take that pawn.  Queen h5 check. g6, I mean I actually cannot take his queen right now due to the rules,  but he doesn't know about that, so of course he won't make a crazy move like queen takes g6 trying  to destroy my video. Right? Of course. Knight f6. Bishop c4. King g7 is kinda forced, I mean if he  takes my knight right now, I'll have to go king h6 and there's d4 checkmate in 6, but since that  move is obviously blundering a woman, there's no way he's gonna do that. Right? No doubt. Bishop d6,  this queen is too dangerous, so I'll remove her first. Maybe not. Knight takes queen takes may  provoke queen takes, which means I'll lose a queen because I cannot take his queen back. Therefore,  rook f8. Queen g5. Bishop f5. Alright, at least now his queen is away from the center.  d4. French move. Queen h6 check. King f7 is obviously blundering a checkmate in 13,  and king g8 is also blundering a checkmate in 2. Therefore, king h8 is kinda forced.  In no world do you take this rook to force me to end my own video. No doubt. Queen e8 check.  The situation is getting pretty dangerous, so this will at least force a piece to go back. Or not.  Wow. That blunders queen e2 check. King c1 is forced. Queen c2 checkmate in 2. But sadly,  that is against the rules because I wouldn't take his queen when I'm checkmating his king.  But still, queen e2 check. I mean at least I can still create some pressure on his king so that  he'll stop attacking my king. King c1. Knight takes d5. Just because my queen is not defending  my rook anymore, doesn't mean it is not defended. So once again, in no world do you take my rook now.  Absolutely. And I'm also sure that he won't ever see this checkmate in this entire game.  Knight c6. Rook e1. Aha, not only he's still blundering queen c2 checkmate in 1,  but he's also blundering queen e1 also checkmate in 1, but with an extra free rook. Queen takes f2.  This is actually getting pretty annoying, but as long as he's not forcing me to take his queen  and end my own video, there is always hope.  Thank you for watching.  [Music] 