 100 rated chess, but your pieces need glasses, they can only capture if the target is right  next to them. Wow, I believe this is the first time ever that we have a situation where it  doesn't matter whether do I say or pawn, not pawn, or not say anything at all. But anyway,  we get an exact 100 rated guy from Germany. D4. E5, of course I'll use the Brexit gambit against  an European. Knight F3. E4, I mean he can actually play knight H4 and I cannot take him because of  the rules, but who plays like that anyway. Right? Bishop G5, that blunders a piece, F6.  A desperado, now knight takes should be the best move, but according to the rules, my knights  actually cannot take anything, therefore, G takes is kinda forced, poor horses, they are absolutely  useless in this game. Knight H4. D5. Knight C3, that blunders a horsey. F5. Oh, wait. I totally  forgot that if he makes a desperado right now, I won't be able to take him due to the rules,  and in fact if he doesn't even do anything, I still won't be able to take him, also due to the  rules. And by the way, I also cannot take that knight, also due to the rules. But anyway, I  really want to go queen G5 to take this knight on my next turn, but that will blunder knight takes  E7 check forking my rook. So I guess, I'll kick this guy away first. In no world do you go knight  F6 check and force me to move my king. Knight takes F5. Finally, C takes D5, it's kinda weird  that this knight is the one that got blundered, but the other knight had to die instead. B4. Aha,  that blunders a queen to bishop takes B4 check queen D2 bishop takes D2, but sadly, the rules  are ruining the fun again. Queen G5. E3. I'll take this knight, my queen is obviously much  stronger than the other pieces in this game, so I'll use her to her maximum value. Bishop B5  check. Very aggressive. Bishop blocks, bishop takes king takes. Or not. Bishop C6 bishop takes  pawn takes C D5 C D5 G4 queen D7 F4 aha. Now the French move is possible, but I definitely don't  think that helping him develop his queen straight towards my king is a good idea, so I guess,  knight C6. Again, all poisson, is not forced. Rook C1. Man, I wonder how many times this guy  has been blundered so far. Rook B8. Man these knights are so useless, if he can just take my  knight with his rook, that will be the most convenient thing ever. Well I think we can all  agree that sometimes convenient things like this do happen. Queen takes C6. FI bishop H6 rook F1  queen C4 king D2 testosterone queen B4 check king C1 queen B2. Checkmate. Mission, accomplished.  [Music] 