 100 rated chess, but any of your pieces, or pawns, who capture an enemy piece, or pawn,  become heroes. If a hero dies, the video ends. That's a pretty long challenge, but funny enough,  very easy to understand. We get a 197 from the US. E4. E5. I personally think that this challenge  is pretty easy, therefore, D4. Let's play a little bit more aggressively. Knight C6. Ah ha,  he obviously wants me to take his pawn, which makes my pawn a hero, and then he'll take the  hero, which ends the video. Therefore, D5. Bishop C5. That blunders a horsey, but if I take it,  it will make my D pawn become a hero, and after he takes the hero, the video ends. So I guess,  knight F3. Maybe this mission is not as easy as I thought. Knight D4. C3. Knight takes F3. Ah ha,  that makes his knight a hero, but no one cares, and now that makes my queen my first hero,  or you may say, heroine, which means I cannot let her die, in any circumstances.  Queen F6. My queen must not die, therefore, queen E2. In no world do you go queen takes F2 now,  or that. Wow. That blunders a bishop, but if I take it, queen takes will kill my heroine,  which ends the video. So I guess, king D1. This guy is totally destroying me right now.  D6. Ah ha, bishop D3. I mean if he can trade, the situation will become better for me.  Perfect. Queen takes. Again, enemy's heroes are worthless. Bishop checks. Bishop blocks.  Knight E7. Ah ha, that blunders a bishop, but do I even take it though, because after I take it,  my bishop will become a hero, which means I will have another piece that I have to protect.  You know what? It's fine, I mean he doesn't have many pieces left anyway.  Castle. Knight D2. C6. Taking that pawn is obviously a bad decision. So I guess, rook F1.  C takes D5. That blunders a queen, but since that makes my rook a hero, G takes will end the video.  Therefore, queen G3. I mean it's just a woman anyway, no need to feel bad about missing it.  Ha, and then he even brings it closer to the rook for us to take.  This challenge is going very annoying very quickly. Rook takes will help him end the video,  and my heroine's death will also end the video, therefore, queen H3 is kinda forced.  In no world do you take my hero bishop here. Of course, I'm pretty sure I'm the only person in  the world feels good that my opponent doesn't blunder his queen. But anyway, knight F3. D takes  E4. Aha! Finally! Now that really blunders a queen, now if he can just blunder his king as well,  I would be very happy. And he does. I solemnly swear, that this guy is not a paid actor.  Queen takes H7. Checkmate. Mission accomplished.  (upbeat music)  (upbeat music)  (upbeat music)  (upbeat music)  [MUSIC] 