 100 rated chess, but the enemy king has covid, you must remain at least 6 squares away from him at  all time. So in case you have never played chess before but still want to suggest your idea,  1 2 3 4 5 6, 1 2 3 4 5 6, 1 2 3 4 5 6, and as you can see, 6 squares from the king is basically my  second rank, which is to say, that I can never move anything. So I guess, we can just change it to  4. Let's go. We get a 1 78 from Mexico. E 4, this is the furthest point I can go this game,  so I guess let's just try to open up the board so that the bishops can use their power.  E 5. D 4. In no world do you advance your king and end my video on move 2. No doubt. It's actually  pretty problematic when he doesn't want to take my pawn, so I guess, I'll continue to push. If I  create more weaknesses, maybe he'll play a bit more risky. Knight F 6. Bishop D 3. The fact that  he is very resistant to invade in my territory is actually very problematic for this video. Ha!  Here he comes. Knight F 3. D 5. Very aggressive. He's about to fork my pieces, therefore, I'll  attack his piece first. D takes E 4. I'll take this bishop, I mean who knows, maybe he'll take  this pawn instead of one of these pieces. And he did. I'll take this pawn then. Bishop B 4 check.  C 3. I mean if he can also blunder his bishop right here where I can still take it,  that will be very convenient. I solemnly swear, and I know that you people won't believe it anyway,  but I still have to say it, that this guy is not a paid actor. C takes B 4. Knight E 3. Too  dangerous, I have to take that. D takes. Trading queens in this challenge is definitely the  stupidest I can do. Queen E 2. Knight C 6. Queen takes E 3. I'll sacrifice this pawn just to get  his knight into my territory. He took it. Knight C 3. Come on, knight C 2 triple fork. He saw my  bishop. That blunder's bishop takes F 7 a very simple and easy to see checkmate in 11, but since  that move is obviously against the rules. King F 2. My favorite way of connecting the rooks.  Rook E 8. Rook A D 1. This pin is actually a bit dangerous because I'm very limited in using  tactics, but of course, I'm not a coward. Knight D 5. That blunders a horsey, but queen C 1 instead.  In no world do you take this knight right now just because my rook cannot take your queen due  to the rules. Or that pawn. That blunders a woman, but I can only take this knight.  Rook sacrifice. Queen takes. Queen H 4 check. I can also take that, even though this guy has  been playing like an absolute paid actor, the fact that he's not resigning is actually pretty  concerning. Nevermind. Mission accomplished.  [Music] 