 100 rated chess, but you have a secret objective, after your 5th move, you may reveal your mission  objective below. Okay before the video begins, I just want to say that I accidentally misremember  the challenge to, before the 5th move, so let's just change the challenge so that it fits how the  video actually went. Let's go. We get a 120 American. E4. E5. Still theory. Queen H5. The  plan is very simple. If I have to start the challenge from move 5, I'll end the game at move  4, or you may say, the 4 move checkmate. Queen E7. That is actually a very good move for beginners,  because even though it blocks the bishop, the queen alone can defend both the center E pawn  and the weak F pawn from the checkmate. Bishop C4. I mean who knows, maybe he'll put his queen  down and make this video extremely convenient. Of course that doesn't happen. Queen F3. F5. Okay.  Now we open the challenge. All of your pieces, except horses and pawns, are immobile defenses,  they cannot move except to capture. Ah ha, so now if I take this pawn, he can push E4 to attack my  queen and then I'll lose my woman because I cannot move her to safety. Therefore, knight C3.  Queen C5. Taking this knight seems to be a great option as I cannot pull my bishop back,  but since I'm not a coward. D3. As I can not move anything else beside horses and pawns,  this active bishop should be contributing to our victory. Knight C6. Ah ha, now knight D4 is just  straight up winning my queen because I cannot move her due to the rules, so I guess, E takes F5.  This strategy is called, the distraction. And he is distracted. Queen F5 D5 queen H5 forcing a king  move is obviously the best continuation, but since I cannot move my queen after D5 discovered attack,  I guess it's knight H3 instead. D6. Knight G5. No worries, I have a plan. H6. Okay. Here we go.  Knight E6. The idea is to trade off my opponent light square bishop, so that my bishop can be  placed on a very strong square, and my queen can also get into his territory by taking this pawn.  Exactly as planned. Bishop dates. E4. Very aggressive. Queen takes F5 is kinda forced,  if he takes my queen, it's a queen trade, if he doesn't take my queen, I have my chance at a  checkmate. King E7. Ah ha, that blunders a king to queen F7 king D8 is forced queen D7 checkmate  in 2, but since queen F7 is against the rules, I guess it's knight D5 instead. King D8. Queen takes  F8. Checkmate. Mission, accomplished.  [Music] 