 100 rated chess, but you need to justify your moves by the quotes from Sun Tzu's Art of War.  Well I mean doing this in every move sounds a little bit too hard, so let's just say,  that I'll do it every 3 moves. Let's go. So the very first chapter of the book can be  summarized in one sentence as, "Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak."  Therefore, A3. A3 is a very bad opening move, but since everyone knows that I'm a stronger  chess player than my opponent, therefore I need to appear weak in my first opening move.  E5. E4. That's not a Sun Tzu's move, I'll do it on move 4. Queen H4. Very aggressive. Knight C3.  Bishop C5. Aha, what a perfect chance for a high level tactic Sun Tzu's move.  Knight H3. Even though the grandmasters always say, that knight on the rim is dim, Sun Tzu actually  has a different idea in his books. He said, "If you wait by the river long enough, the bodies of  your enemies will float by." Which can be translated to chess, as, "If your horsey waits by the rim of  the board long enough, your enemy will blunder their queen when they move her by." Maybe not yet.  I really want to push G3 to attack his queen, but if he doesn't blunder the woman, people will have  their chance to say that Sun Tzu was wrong, which is going to be a total disrespect to a military  artist. So I guess, Bishop C4. Knight C6. D3. High level tactic coming up next.  F5. Okay, it is time for my number one favorite quote in the book. It reads as, "The supreme art  of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting." Therefore, can you please resign?  Well, I guess that's a no. I'll take this pawn. Queen takes F2 check. That blunders a woman.  And then he said no. Knight D4. Now I'm pretty sure that he's resigning very soon because it  feels like he's really regretting that queen blunder, so I guess every move from now on  should be a Sun Tzu's move. Let's go for this one. Victorious warriors win first and then go to war,  while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win. No? Wait. I actually don't  understand this one. Okay, let's change it to, "To know your enemy, you must become your enemy."  And to be honest, I also don't understand this one either.  Alright, who cares. I'll take this pawn. And resignation. Mission accomplished.  [Music] 