 100 rated chess, but you are Santa Claus. You must give your opponent 8 presents,  which are free pawns and pieces. If he doesn't take the present, the video ends.  Ho ho ho ho. We get a 2 1 5 from India. In case you don't know, there are not that many  Christians in India. Which is to say, that this challenge is probably not going to go well.  E 4. E 5. Nothing wrong so far. Knight F 3. Ah ha, I should obviously give him this pawn as the  first gift, but since there is always a chance that he won't take it. B 5. Ha, if I give him  2 free pawns, there's no way he's not taking at least one of them. Right? Yes. Giving him this  pawn next is perfect, but again, there is a chance that he doesn't even see it. Therefore, queen F 6.  Ok, since I'm attacking his knight, I'm actually not giving away this pawn,  so in case he doesn't take it, the video still survives.  I totally did not anticipate that move. That pawn cannot be counted as a gift because I didn't plan  to give it away, and now I'll play. A 6. The idea is that I don't think he can see my pawn hanging,  so I'll stop giving away that pawn, but I'll give away my rook instead.  2 down, 6 to go. Bishop B 7. Queen H 5 check. Man, I totally didn't notice that his queen can  also fork my pawn in the corner. G 6. Ok, even if he doesn't take my pawn, it does not end the  video because as I said before, that was actually my blunder, and definitely not a gift. Knight takes  G 6. H takes G 6. Queen F 3. Trading queens when being down in materials doesn't sound very tempting.  Queen back to D 8. E 5. That blunders a queen. Ok, last time I take my opponent's queen,  my opponent resigned, but in this game, I've already given away a lot of materials,  and after he takes my bishop, I'm literally only up 1 point in materials,  so there's absolutely no need to resign.  E 6. Ah ha, I can pull my bishop back, but I'll go for. D takes E 6. This means that I'm giving  away my bishop as a gift, so if he doesn't take it, the video ends, but since my bishop makes him  maidenless, there's no way he's forgiving it twice. Right?  What the f-  [outro music] 