 I'm better than my viewers, I call checkmate operation.  Man, these position names always sound so cringe.  But anyway, welcome to another I'm better than my viewers video, and the victim this  time is a guy called me coolass12, at the very average rating of 1500.  I'll take this pawn, I mean even though 1500 is just average, playing against an average  opponent in a -10 position, is probably not a very good situation to be in.  Rook takes.  Ah ha.  That blunders a woman.  I mean even though he has 2 wives, they are always so far away from him, so I'm down to  say that I'm more happy than him having only 1 woman but she's always right next to me.  Woman takes.  I'll take this rook.  I mean there were too many choices, so I just picked a random one.  Rook f8.  Okay that move looks like what a paid actor would do, but I'm not gonna complain about  it.  He takes f8 and turns to be an animal.  Well I mean maybe he'll think that a horsey is too small of a target to waste a move to  capture.  Nevermind.  I'll take this pawn, I've just realized that if he had promoted this pawn earlier, things  might have gone really bad, but I guess somehow both of us actually did not even consider  that possibility.  Rook takes horsey.  C7 c8 turning into a rook.  Rook takes bishop takes queen takes.  The situation is getting pretty dangerous as he has a lot of free space up here to move  around, therefore, let's trade off the queens.  I mean he'll most likely not going to take it.  Well.  Very convenient.  C takes b7.  Alright, now the game gets into the boring phase known as.  The endgame.  Rook f8 c6 rook b8 king c5 rook f2 c7 rook f8 king e6 maybe c6 was better e2 rook e1  rook g2 c1 petrified rook takes pawn takes rook e8 d5 king g4 d e4 king f3 bishop c1  king f2 bishop d2 rook g1 rook g1 king g1 and after a few more moves, I took away his  rook, but since he said he wants to continue playing, I figured that this is an amazing  chance to get a harem, so I made 5 wives, and when I'm preparing to make a 6th one,  I stalemated him.  Well, I guess it's not always good to have many wives all at once.  But anyway.  I'm better than my viewers.  *Outro music* 