 100 rated chess, but you must checkmate with king.  Sounds very easy, but before the video begins, have you ever been in a situation that you  are about to checkmate your opponent and then they said, "Resign right now or I'll expose  your IP address to everyone on the internet."  Well, with NordVPN, you don't have to worry about those guys.  Anymore.  Is your computer full of malware because you didn't know anything about computer so you  accidentally downloaded them and then don't know how to get rid of them?  Well, then I would suggest you clean your SSD first, and then go for, NordVPN.  Are you tired of seeing unnecessary too many ads on every single website that you visit?  NordVPN can remove those ads for you.  Are you living in a country that bans YouTube but somehow still able to find my videos?  I bet you are using, NordVPN.  If you are interested, check out NordVPN at their website through the link in the description  below, or if you have too much time to spare, just pause the video and type this link with  your own hands in a new browser tab, and get this exclusive deal with 4 bonus months free,  it is totally worth a shot with NordVPN's 30-day money back guarantee.  Back to the video, we get a 2 1 4 from the US.  E4.  E5.  The challenge requires my opponent to not randomly resign during the game, therefore,  D4.  Letting him have some advantages is definitely the best way to start this video.  Or not.  I'll take this pawn then.  I mean taking the lead in materials is pretty risky, but since he can immediately take it  back, there's nothing to be worried about.  Right?  Of course.  Knight F3.  I'm sorry Edward, but you need to die to reduce the chance of my opponent just randomly  resigns.  Edward is dead.  Bishop blocks, in no world do you take my bishop and force me to take your queen and  then resign from the game.  Of course.  Bishop blocks.  Bishop C5.  Not very aggressive.  Knight C3.  I mean I actually don't dare to take his queen because that may cause him to rage quit, but  of course, it is totally fine to just give an attack.  Queen G4.  Very aggressive.  Castle.  Please do not take this pawn.  I'm worrying too much.  Knight D5.  Queen takes B2.  Ah ha, that blunders a fork, but the best move should be.  Bishop C3.  Forking the queen and the rook all the way over the other side of the board.  Queen A3.  I'll take this pawn first, okay so even though technically I'm winning this rook next move,  since I've just taken a single pawn, there is no reason for him to resign the game right  now.  Right?  Of course.  Taking this rook is obviously too risky, taking this fork is also too risky.  So I guess.  Bishop C4.  Theoretically speaking, I only need 2 rooks to checkmate with a king, so the best plan  is just to try to trade down all the other pieces first, and then get the rooks into  action.  Queen A4.  Bishop B3.  Queen G4.  Ah ha, I originally didn't want to take his rook to keep the video alive, but since he  decided to attack my bishop even though it hasn't done anything wrong, I have to show  him who's the boss here.  It should be fine, the 100 rated people don't tend to use their rooks very often anyway,  so they should have no concern about losing any of them.  F6.  That blunders a pawn, I mean he should be able to see, that knight takes F6 is blundering.  It is blundering a queen to knight takes F6 royal fork, but of course I'm not gonna do  that, and then take this pawn instead.  King D8.  That blunders a full piece to knight E6 check forking the bishop, but of course, I'll take  his rook instead.  He should be able to see, that not only did I let his woman live, but I also didn't take  a full bishop, he should be feeling good about his luck and not resign from this game.  Right?  What the fu-  *outro* 