 100 rated chess, but everyone lacks sleep, whenever a piece, or pawn, moves, it cannot  move for 1 turn because it is napping.  Absolutely impossible, we get a 1 78 from the US.  E4.  Knight F6.  I really want to push this pawn to attack his knight, but that will make me a fool for  ending my own video, I also cannot let his knight move again because that will also end  the video.  Therefore, knight C3.  No safe move for his knight, except this one.  Of course it doesn't happen.  Now normally this is a great chance to go for the Vienna gambit, but if he accepts the  gambit, that will make his E pawn breaks the rules by moving 2 times in a row, which makes  me a fool for literally provoking him to end my video.  So I guess.  Bishop C4.  D5.  Aha, if I let that pawn live, it will most likely move again, therefore.  Die.  Knight H8.  That blunders a horsey, and again, cannot let that horsey move.  Well, I mean if he can also blunder his queen next, that will be very convenient.  I solemnly swear, that no one on my channel is a paid actor, including this guy.  But anyway.  I'll take that woman.  I mean if he plays C6 right now, I won't be able to move my knight away due to the rules,  and I also have just realized that I have no way to stop his pawn from taking my knight  next, which also ends the video because his C pawn will be making 2 moves in a row.  Wow.  Now what the f*** am I supposed to do?  Wait what?  Ha.  Draw accepted.  Mission f***ing accomplished, and feel free to say that this guy is a paid actor because  even I don't believe that he's not one, but since the video is still so short, I'll answer  some of your comments.  How does he get the account to 100 elo each time?  Magic.  Just move the queen to the corners and you can use the center.  That is a very nice way to say that a woman is fat.  This man is not 1200 plus.  Ah ha.  You must be new to the channel, in case you don't know, I'm actually just a 100 rated  chess player, which means I'm sitting at the very bottom of the rating ladder.  But guess what?  I'm better than my viewers.  [Music] 