 100 rated chess, but you can only move pieces and pawns, one square at a time. It sounds very  tedious at first sight, but I think I have a way to make it entertaining. We get an exact 100 rated  guy from France. E4. E6. Of course I'll play the French defense against a French. Knight c3. Aha,  I think he feels offended after seeing me playing the French defense so he decided to play a  very rare queen's knight variation. But guess what, I'll show him who's the boss here. King e7,  the French defense, bong cloud variation. d3 d6 bishop g5 f6 bishop f4 bishop d7 queen e2.  I really want to play g5 here, but of course, that ends the video. g6, knight f3 bishop g7  long castle very aggressive c6 d4 a6 d5 cd5 e d5 b5. On second thought, maybe taking this pawn  wasn't a right idea, but I think it's still fine. Knight takes e5. Oh wow, I can't believe a 100  rated guy can actually seize that my f-pawn is pinned to my king, so he decided to sacrifice  a knight for 2 pawns to attack my king. D takes e5, of course queen takes e5 next.  Why is he thinking for so long? Yeah, that's why. That blunders a bishop. Of course I'm not just  gonna make an exception for the knight because that sounds like what a coward is gonna do,  and I will win this challenge without any horses. d6 check. King f7. I mean pulling him back may  sound like a better idea, but I need my king in the middle of the board, because in this challenge,  the king is just as strong as his wife. Rook d5. Very aggressive. Bishop e6. Free tempo baby.  Rook takes e5 bishop takes e5 queen takes e5. Ah ha, now his queen is targeting my rook in the  corner and there is no way for me to defend him, but actually, since I cannot move any horses this  game, my rooks also don't get many chances to join in the battle. Therefore, let's not care about  that. Let's trade my useless rook to take this very dangerous pawn in the middle of the board.  Or not. a5. I mean it seems like he's about to go queen f6 check which is very dangerous to my  video, but he should be able to see, that queen f6 is just blundering a queen. Right?  So since queen f6 is bad, he decided to go there with his knight.  Queen c6. Man this guy is totally unexpectable. That move included. That blunders a woman.  I mean if he can take my knight right now to help developing my rook, that will be very convenient.  Sad. This video is getting pretty long, so let's try to win this game real fast.  Rook a7 h4 b6 h5 who cares about that side queen takes d6 h takes g6 rook b7 g takes h7 rook c7  h pawn changes gender oh no dude i was so focused on attacking his king and totally blunder my woman  after rook takes g8 rook h6 checks curing the royal couple well who cares anyway rook g8 rook  h6 king forward of course and now he'll take my queen why is he thinking for so long  i solemnly swear that this guy is not a paid actor king forward again my king is just as strong as  my queen in this game f3 king f4 all right no more checks never mind i'll take this pawn rook f5  that blunders a horsey bishop e2 that blunders a rook do just please stop blundering your pieces  and let me checkmate your king bishop c4 queen c5 oh no my rook bishop takes my rook oh no  oh no my rook indeed because i cannot checkmate him from three squares away  but actually f*** the rules queen takes c2 checkmate and since i ended my own video  there is no what the f*** today  (joyful music) 