 100 rated chess, but your pieces, and pawns, must always go back to their original position  after every move. Oh, wait.  My bad. But anyway, this sounds absolutely impossible, but of course, a real man never  backs down from difficulties. E4, the pawns are not affected by this challenge, so just like usual,  I'll make sure to use them to their maximum limits. E5. Still theory. D4. D5. Aha, now D takes E5 is  obviously the best move, but after D takes E4, our queens will be looking at each other, and if I take  his queen, king takes will end the video because I cannot move my queen back after she's dead,  and I also don't like to wait for him to take and then go king D1 king E1, therefore, I'll take this  way instead. E takes D4. Okay. Here we go. Queen takes D4. Okay now queen back to D1 is forced next  move, so if he goes bishop B4 check now, it will prevent me from going queen D1, but since that is  obviously blundering a bishop, he's not going to play that move. Right? Of course. Queen D1 is  forced. I mean queen E7 is also a big problem because if I block with a piece, I cannot move  that piece back in my next move, but since he probably wants to keep his queen's pressure on  my pawn, I think we don't need to worry too much about that. B6. Aha, that blunders a horsey to  bishop B5 check bishop D7 bishop takes A6, but sadly, bishop B5 needs to be followed by bishop  back to F1, which means he is actually not blundering his horsey. A3. I'm calculating bishop  B7 C4 and then he'll have bishop B4 check which is very likely ending my video because I'll have  to block with a piece or move my king, so A3 is a preemptive move to prevent bishop B4.  Exactly as planned. C4. Well I mean if he still decides to take my pawn and give me a free piece,  that will be very convenient. I solemnly swear, that this guy is not a paid actor. C takes D5.  Okay I mean now my bishop is very obviously attacking his knight, so after he moves his  knight away from the attack, you will finally believe that he's not a paid actor. Are you  serious? I'll take the knight. In no world do you go B5 just to block my bishop from going back.  What the f-  [Music] 