 100 rated chess, but you're not allowed to do best moves. Very challenging, we get an exact  100 rated guy from Morocco. E4. First move E4 is a book move, and even though it is considered to  be the best starting move for white, let's just pretend that we don't know about that today.  E6. D4. Still theory. No more theory. Now any of these developing moves can be the next best move.  Therefore, I'll push this pawn instead. I mean there is no way pushing a pawn that weakens an  important diagonal is a best move. Right? Of course. D6. Not very aggressive. Again,  I'll push this pawn as well. There's no way allowing a massive check is a best move.  No doubt. E5. Taking that pawn is obviously not an option. Knight F3. Stockfish? Thank you.  E takes F4. Ah ha, even though taking that pawn back is not the best move, if I do that right now,  he may decide to go queen E4 check, which forces queen E2 unless I want to lose my bishop,  and since queen E2 will be the best move in that position, I'll have to end the video. Therefore,  knight D2 instead. I mean knight C3 looks like the best move, so I pick this one. Queen D7. Now I have  no idea what the best move is, but I do know, that moving a queen is definitely not. Stockfish?  Absolutely. Queen C6. Knight G5. I mean there's no way moving a knight away from the center is a  best move. Right? There we go. Knight F6. Okay. Now comes the most important part of this entire  game. I want to play C5 double threats checkmate in 1 and bishop B5 skewing the royal couple.  But as you might have guessed, that move looks too strong, and can very much be the best move  of this position. You know what, since I also need to win this game, I guess I have no other choices  but to actually make progress. Who knows, maybe there was a better move in that position and it  makes C5 not the best move. Ah ha. C5, is a great move, and as far as I can see, a great move,  is not a best move, which is to say, that this video, continues. Nevermind. Mission, accomplished.  (outro music) 