 100 rated chess, but Edward has to change gender.  Too easy.  For those of you who don't know, Edward is actually the E pawn,  which means that I have to promote this pawn to a queen, before the game ends.  E3.  Not very aggressive.  Since Edward must not die, let's go for...  D5.  The idea is-  What the f*** was that?  Wow.  Alright.  I mean that's good for me anyway.  D4.  Okay the idea is to take out all of these pawns so that Edward can become...  A passed...  pawn.  I solemnly swear, that this guy is not a paid actor.  Here, let me prove it to you.  Knight F6.  I mean if he was a paid actor, he would leave his king there for my bishop to skewer his wife next move.  There we go, that 100% proves that he's not a paid actor.  DxE3.  Okay now even though this pawn is on the E file, he was originally the D pawn,  so his name is still David and definitely not Edward,  because moving to another place doesn't mean you can change your name that easily.  Dude.  This king is having like a cubic meter of testosterone in his body right now.  ExD2.  Alright, two obstacles down, only one to go.  And he doesn't even take my pawn.  Alright, I think it's time to take the risk.  Edward to E5.  So based on how he's been playing until now, I think we can all see that he is a sandbagger,  which means he will be resigning the game very soon.  So I have to take the risk and promote my E pawn before he can do that.  QxB7.  That blunders a woman and a king by knight G4 discovered check king H5 G6 checkmate with a pawn.  But of course, I have a much more important task to do here.  E4.  Come on, just take my rook, take my knight and give me those free tempos.  Or take my bishop and blunder your queen instead.  I have to take that, because I need my queen to help Edward in case he decides to play seriously.  Kf4.  I can't take the risk and push my pawn now, so I'll make.  A bishop.  I mean making a queen is just telling him to resign, which is not good for me.  Ke5.  Okay, now I still need to take this pawn out.  What the f-  [Music] 