 I'm better than my viewers, you play as white. Well I mean I'm sure people are not gonna let  me play black anyway. Welcome to episode 18 of I'm better than my viewers, and the challenger  this time is a guy called Sack, with a Santa Bird profile picture. Let's take this rook first,  the goal is to keep as many pieces alive as possible after dealing with all of these guys,  especially this very dangerous rook over here. And then he gave me that rook for free. I'll take it  then, since this guy is a viewer, I'm sure we all know that he's definitely not a paid actor.  Knight D takes F2. I'll save this rook. I'm very sorry the other rook, but since that side has the  queen already, I need to save materials on this side first. The other rook is dead. I'll take  this bishop, ok I think that's all I can capture, therefore, now the game truly begins. Well,  I guess I can still capture one more. This is actually very convenient.  Ah ha, now he finally starts his attack. Knight F4, I mean I'm down for rook H2 rook G2 rook H1  rook G1 and then we repeat moves for a draw by repetition. Rook H8. Not very aggressive.  King G2, at least this will prevent his rook from infiltrating my territory in the future.  Bishop A3 queen D2 bishop E3 rook B1 bishop D7. And then he said. I misclicked. Well,  it's not like I care if you misclicked anyway. Keck W. Rook takes B3 knight takes B3 queen takes  C2. Well I mean it's still just a 2 pieces for a rook trade, which is actually not changing the  situation that much, especially when I don't have much materials left to think about checkmating  his king. Bishop A4. Knight B4. Apparently Stockfish didn't like my move very much,  but who gives a fish anyway. Knight C5. Ah ha. Here we go. Queen G6 check. This king is so dead.  King D8. Queen B6 check. King E8. I mean I can think about going for a repetitional draw,  but to be honest, I think I can still try for a little bit more. Queen takes E5. I mean as long  as I still have these 3 pieces on the board, I'm not worrying about not being able to checkmate him.  Nevermind. Queen C8 check. Okay now I'm down for a repetitional draw. King F7 queen E6 king  F8 queen F5 king E8 queen C8 king F7 queen F5 one more time and he said no. Wow. Queen G6 check.  I mean it's fine, if he doesn't accept a draw, there's always a chance that he'll lose instead.  King E7 queen G7 king D6 testosterone queen F6 king D7 I'll take this bishop rook C8 very  aggressive queen E6 king D8 queen F6 king D7 queen F7 king D8 ah ha. Now he's trying to offer me a  draw, but sadly, I'm not interested in that anymore. Knight E6 checkmate. I'm better than my viewers.  [Music] 