 100 rated chess, but you're eating soup with a fork, you can only capture pieces  or pawns if they are being forked. I can't seem to see what the joke is as I have always eaten  soup with my fork, but I guess this guy is one of those weird people who eat soup with his chopsticks.  We get a 1 1 6 from the United Kingdom. E4. A fork can happen much easier in an open position.  D5. And of course he doesn't take it just to ruin my plan. Knight C6. I actually cannot take that  pawn because my knight is not forking anything right now, but he doesn't know about that. Or  maybe he does. That blunders a woman, but just like the pawn, my bishop is not forking anything  right now. So I guess. D4. The plan is very simple. He takes my pawn, my knight has a fork,  I win his queen, he resigns, mission accomplished. Of course it doesn't happen. He's threatening he  takes F7, which is actually a checkmate because my king cannot take his pawn as he won't be having  any forks at that time. Therefore, knight H6 is kinda forced. Now if he takes my pawn, my knight  will have a fork, so I can at least take his pawn back. Queen E4. F5. I bet this entire channel that  he's just gonna leave his queen right there. There we go. Once again I cannot take that woman because  my pawn is not forking. G6 instead. Queen D3 bishop G7 bishop E5. This capture wins my knight  as my pawn cannot take back due to the rules, queen D5. My queen will have a fork, so she can  take back the piece. Knight F3. Castle. I'll keep this pawn alive to block his own way of attacking  my king. Knight takes D4. That blunders a horsey, but both my bishop and knight cannot capture due  to the rules, so I'll take this pawn instead. Queen E3. Three-way fork for my queen, therefore,  free rook. It seems like I can win this game with just the woman alone as she can get a fork much  easier than the other pieces. King up. This check looks amazing, but the rules. Queen F3.  That blunders a royal fork, but again, the rules. King D3. Ah ha, that blunders another royal fork,  but this time, I don't have to capture. King C3. And I still cannot take this queen as my knight  is once again not having any forks. C6. You know what, no need for woman anymore, I'll go after  the dude. H3. Knight back. Bishop back. Knight D5 check. And in no world do you take this knight.  Good. I don't see any checkmates yet. Pawn goes two squares. This guy is actually pretty nice as  he only makes blunders as a beginner and hasn't made any crazy moves yet. Nevermind. That blunders  a horsey, but both ways of capturing is against the rules. A4 check. King A3. B5. I'm threatening  B4 checkmate in one with a pawn, and this pawn is definitely fully protected. Do not touch it please.  F***. King H8 is forced. Knight takes D5 will make it much harder for me to checkmate him,  but the biggest problem is queen takes F8, which is a queen blunder, but in this game,  it is a checkmate. Ha, among all the good options, he decided to capture a piece that hasn't even  moved yet from the beginning. B4 checkmate with a pawn. Mission accomplished.  *outro music* 