 100 rated chess, but it's a spelling bee, pieces and pawns must be played from correct files in order to create 3+ letter words.  Okay this is obviously impossible considering the fact we can only use 8 out of 26 letters in the alphabet.  But as I always say, I'm not a coward. We get a 185 from Israel.  E4. Here's how we're gonna do, we're gonna let our opponent choose the first letter, and then we get to pick the following letters, because if I also get to choose the first letter, the challenge will become too easy.  D6. Aha, so D is the first letter of our word, and since it is a consonant, we definitely need to follow it. With a vowel, I mean at least we can make the word dab before the video ends.  Qd7. Very aggressive. D4, and there we have it the word dad, but let's not end the word yet, because we don't know what move he's gonna make next.  Qb5. That was a D, so now I have 2 choices, one is to start a new word with a D, the other is to continue the word with an F because I want to take his queen, so of course I went on to Google and search.  Words start with dadf, and here we have the word, dadf. Therefore, Bxb5. Ok I know what you're thinking, what kind of word is dadf, and to be honest, I have absolutely no idea, but since it is in the dictionary, I think we can all agree, that it is still a real word.  Kd8. Draw offer, but since the video is still so short, let's just decline it for now, and after spending a lot of time researching for words starting with E, I think we only have one choice to make.  A4. It has to be the word, eej.  C6. I want to move that bishop, but as I don't know any words starting with EAB.  Bp6. I'm very sorry Frank.  Frank is dead.  H4. Alright, let's head to a new word, and to be honest, I think this game has lasted way longer than I expected it to be.  Bxa4. I'll take it, I mean there is no way I can't make a word starting with BA right?  Bd7. Ah ha, so now I have to make another A if I want to retreat my rook, and since there is a word with BAA,  I can do it. Again, even if you don't know what this word is, the dictionary said that it does exist.  E5Kf1 D5 Be5. I'm so proud of myself for being able to maintain a good position in such a nasty challenge.  Dxe4. Bxa7. I mean nothing bad can happen with just D and E right?  Bb4. Bb6 check. You may say that I'm blundering my rook because there is no way I can make another A if I'll move,  but guess what, there are actually a lot of words starting with DEAA, so I actually don't have any worries about it.  Ke8. Rook takes A8.  Bb5 check. Ha, exactly as planned.  Dxe4. We finished another word, and even though Bxd4 check is very dangerous because I cannot follow a word starting with B,  he should be able to see, that that move is obviously blundering a checkmate in 13. Right?  What the f-  [outro music] 