 I'm better than my viewers, Fortress. Looks fun. Welcome to episode 13 of I'm better than my  viewers, and the challenger this time is a guy called Star on Da Great, exclamation mark.  I will be playing black this game, and even though Stockfish is saying that black has the advantage,  we all know that it is not true, because all these queens are going to die. So black actually  only has some same color bishops and a few knights, which is pretty impossible to deliver a checkmate.  B takes a3 discovered check. Queen blocks is forced, well I mean if he can just play c3 to  block his own bishop, that will be very convenient. Of course it doesn't happen. Queen takes is forced,  c3 best move by the way. Or not. Ah ha, now I can go king takes to save my queen,  but then there is still knight a4 check king a2 knight c3 royal fork anyway, and I believe  that situation is actually even worse for my king, therefore, queen takes b2. Bishop fe5.  Of course there's no reason to take his bishop, so I'll take this knight instead. As long as this  thing is still on the board, there is always a chance that he'll mess up. Nevermind. King takes.  Stockfish obviously doesn't know how to evaluate this position, because now I have to somehow keep  all of my horses alive, and just for context, there is already one about to die. Bishop f6 check.  King takes c2. Ah ha, now please go knight d4 check and then take my bishop so that I can move  my knight out of danger. This guy is totally destroying me right now. I'll take this horsey,  oh, wait. Maybe I should have taken this pawn first. Yeah, that was unfortunate. I have to  take that. It's fine, my knight didn't really have any moves anyway. Another horse dies. Knight takes  g2. Alright, at least these 2 guys are safe, let's just hope that they can make it all the way to  the white king. B4. Bishop c4. Need to stop those pawns first. King h6. Ah ha, that king obviously  wants to run out of the fortress, therefore, knight takes d2. Alright, now just go king g5  and give me a free tempo to go knight f3. And he saw it. Knight f3 anyway. King g7. Ha, after an  unsuccessful attempt to break out, he has become really sad and decided to go back inside the  prison. But anyway, it was in this position, I decided that there is no way I can checkmate him  with this limited amount of materials, so I offered a draw, and surprisingly, he actually declined the  offer. Yeah, even this 900 rated guy knows that he is the one having the advantage here, not me.  Bishop g6, just a random move, I needed time to think. Bishop ef6. Knight e1, that is one of the  3 safe dark squares left on the entire board. Knight takes e4. Ah ha, that move is threatening  to win my knight, and even though there is knight d3, my knight won't be able to go anywhere after  that, therefore, let's take a risk. Bishop takes e4, I'm removing my bishop from controlling the  b5 square, so let's just hope that he'll push these pawns to give me some free moves to develop my  knight. Maybe not. And now since I only have one knight left, there is absolutely no way I can  checkmate him, so after just 2 more moves, we agree to a draw. Which is to say, that, I'm better than  my viewers, and if you don't agree that I'm better because Stockfish said that I have the advantage  from the start, well, who cares.  [Music] 