 100 rated chess, but your king is a commander, you can only move something, if your king can see it.  Very challenging. We get a 135 from the US. Without premium membership.  E4. According to the rules, these are all the things I can move now, and since the woman and  bishop are stuck. It all came down to the pawns. E5. I mean F5 is just blundering a pawn, and D5  Scandinavian is not good, because if I recapture with my queen, knight C3 will win the woman,  because I cannot retreat her. Bishop E2. I want to show him that bishop can go further, but sadly,  that will make me unable to move it again. Therefore, bishop E7. Knight F3. Ah ha, that  attacks my E pawn, and since knight C6 is against the rule, D6. Castle. Well, I also want to develop  my knight and castle, but sadly, my king doesn't see my knight. So I guess, king F8. I mean now if  he plays an aggressive move like D4, I will probably resign. And it happened. No. That was  just a joke, there's no need to resign right now. Knight H6. The reason why D4 was so scary,  is because I cannot take it due to the rules, and after he takes my pawn, I still cannot take it due  to the rules, and after he takes again, my bishop can take, but then comes E5 winning my bishop,  because I once again, cannot move my bishop due to the rules. And it really happened. Wow. This has  to be the most annoying mission I've ever had on this channel. F6. I mean if he takes this pawn  instead, the situation may get a little bit better. Yeah, or not take anything at all. King F7. Well I  mean if he doesn't want to take, I'll take it next turn. Queen D5 check. Very aggressive. That gives  me a free tempo, but sadly, I have to go back. But that's still fine though, because now he has more  reasons to take this way instead of the other way. Ha! There we go. Bishop takes. Bishop C4.  Ah ha! He's obviously threatening bishop takes H6, removing the defender of the checkmate in 1.  Therefore, G5. I mean that's pretty much the only thing I can move right now, beside the fat king.  Bishop takes. I can already see, that I'm about to be checkmated, very soon. My king can see nothing,  besides himself. Bishop takes D6 check. Alright. Now what? I cannot take with my queen, because  that's against the rules. King takes is not against the rules, but it blunders checkmate in 1. King G6  also blunders the same checkmate, and king F8. Well, it doesn't blunder checkmate, but with my  queen already dead, I can see that my king also won't be able to live long. Well, I mean queen  G5 looks pretty advanced, so it's not like he can see it right away. Right? Yeah this is obviously  impossible.  [MUSIC PLAYING]  ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ 