 100 rated chess, but you make 5 moves before revealing the challenge. Since I've already  attempted a challenge like this before, we can already see that this one is going to be absolutely  terrifying. But of course, I'm not a coward. We get a 142 from the Philippines. E4. E5. It's  actually pretty bad that I'm playing black because for most of the time I will have to respond to my  opponent in the first 5 moves. But that's life. Knight F3. Ah ha, since I'll have to open the  challenge after 5 moves, the best plan is obviously to win the game before that. So I guess, knight F6.  Stafford Gambit time. Perfect. Knight C6. I've seen a lot of people just retreat their knight  in this position, but I believe that this good looking guy is not one of those cowards. Right?  Bishop takes will be blocking my queen, and since I don't know what the challenge is yet,  it's better to make sure that my queen will be able to move. I mean if he can also blunder  his queen just before the challenge starts. That will be very convenient.  Well. Very convenient. Queen takes. And I mean if he can also resign right now just before I  get to open the challenge, I will be very grateful. Sadly he's not a paid actor. Let's  see what the challenge has to offer. Your pieces can only go backwards, not pawns.  Absolutely f***ing impossible. Queen E6. Since my pieces cannot go forward anymore,  it's best to leave them somewhere that won't block away the path of the pawns.  Bishop B5. G5. Bishop C4. Ah ha. That blunders a bishop, but sadly,  I have to retreat my queen. In no world do you take this pawn and force me to end my own video.  Well, since the video is still so short, I'll answer some of your comments instead.  Short answer, you are lazy. Lazy people do nothing in their free time, but as I said,  I do watch videos in my free time, so I'm obviously not lazy.  It is said that the best swordsman in Spain does not fear the second best swordsman,  but does fear the worst. I disagree, he'd better be scared of those with guns.  20th day saying the old music was better until Symp changes it back.  That's one more comment per video for me.  [Music] 