 100 rated chess, but your piece is, not pawns, a coward, a piece can only move if another  ally piece is touching them for encouragement, or else they will freeze in fear.  Sounds absolutely impossible, but of course, I'm not a coward, we get a 1 54 from Mexico.  D4. E5. E3. Not very aggressive. I'll take this pawn. Again,  the challenges rule does not apply on the pawns. Queen takes. Ok. Here we go. Knight c6. I mean  my knight actually can not take his queen because there are no pieces next to him for encouragement,  but I guess it's not like he's gonna blunder his queen right now just to piss me off anyway.  Queen e4 check. Bishop e7. Bishop c4. Very aggressive. Knight f6, for the video's sake,  let's just say that this bishop is also next to this horsey, which means that if he blunders his  queen right now, I can move this knight to take it. Too bad he's not a paid actor. D5. A paid  actor will take this pawn for sure. And that once again proves that he's not a paid actor. Bishop d6.  You may be wondering why I'm making such a weird move, I'll suggest you to take a guess and then  continue to watch the video. Knight e2. Ladies and gentlemen, his queen is trapped. Oh. Wait.  I've just realized that if he makes a desperado now and take my bishop, I actually cannot take  back because this knight is a coward. Man, I was so focused on trapping his queen and completely  forgot about the challenge. Well, I guess it's good when he didn't take my bishop, but now he's  threatening a scholar's checkmate in 1. Therefore, queen d7. I mean after queen f7 queen f7, bishop  f7 is a check, which means I'll have to move my king, but since there is no ally piece next to my  king, I'll have to end the video, but he should be able to see, that he'll be blundering a bishop  with those moves. Right? Ha. Doubters. My king is next to my queen, therefore, he can move. Some  people may say that I broke the rules by moving my rook when there was no piece next to him,  but the fact is I only move my king, the rook just magically moved along with him,  I take no responsibility for that. Knight f4, that blunders a horsey.  He takes f4, that blunders a king. Queen to d1, checkmate.  Wow. Things just got unbelievably convenient for those last few moves.  [Music] 