 chess, but your queen is always in the center.  Question mark question mark.  Very aggressive.  This is like the easier version of my king in the center video, and since that video  went well, I don't see any ways that this one can go wrong.  We get a 1 81 from Brazil.  Before the game begins, let's make this clear.  The word center usually refers to the 4 squares in the center of the board.  But as you can see, that area is too small for a fat queen to be in.  Therefore, let's just assume, that this, is the center for this game, which means I will  have to keep my queen in this area.  E4.  E5.  Maybe d5 Scandinavian was better.  But who cares anyway.  Queen h5.  Ah ha.  The very famous, wayward queen attack.  Queen f6 is forced.  Alright, now the mission truly begins.  Knight f3.  Ah ha, he's obviously threatening queen takes e5 forking my queen and my king, which can  very much lead to a queen trade, and as you already know, if my queen dies, she will have  to go to the graveyard, which is not the center of the board.  Therefore, knight c6.  d4.  Very aggressive.  But that blunders a pawn.  Wait.  Wait a second.  That blunders a rook.  But it can end the video.  Ok.  Let's calm down for a moment here.  If I take his queen, knight takes ends the video.  If I block with my knight, he will most likely take my queen, which also ends the video.  So I guess, queen e6 is kinda forced.  Alright, now please just take my knight and be happy.  Or not.  Well, since the video is still so short, I guess I'll answer some of your comments to  make it a little bit longer.  Paid actor, paid actor, paid actor.  Guys.  Please.  I don't even have enough money to feed my cat.  That car parking explanation was fine, but you forgot the fact that your car can't jump  over an obstacle in front of it.  I hate to say this, but you are actually incorrect.  I have seen a lot of cars jumping over people's heads, especially in some Bollywood movies.  Can I get that 2 minutes of my life back please?  Well.  No.  No.  [outro] 