 100 rated chess, but if your piece, not pawn, can get behind the enemy piece, not pawn, it has to.  This actually sounds pretty fun, but at the same time, pretty impossible.  We get a 2 44 from Italy. Before the game begins, let's make this clear that behind a piece is only  this square, because if we consider some other squares are also included in the mission,  it's going to be way too difficult. E4. Ah ha, I want to play E5, but then he may decide to go  queen H5, which actually forces me to play queen H4 to put my queen behind his queen,  which renders me maidenless. Therefore, H5. Let's just prevent queen H5 in advance,  and if you really think about it, my rooks are actually the strongest pieces I have,  because they are almost exempted from the rules when only horizontal moves can put them into the  mission's rules. D4. A5. I mean I can't really use any rooks right now, but there will definitely  be a way. E5. Knight H6. Alright, that blunders a pawn to queen takes H5, but let's just hope  that he'll take my knight with his bishop, which helps me develop my rook. That was very convenient.  Queen D2. Very aggressive. Knight A6, how about one more time? Maybe not. E6, the idea is bishop  B4 skewering his queen and his king. Bishop B5. Ah ha, now since I can put a piece behind his piece,  bishop B4 is kinda forced, this guy is literally forcing me to win his woman. Bishop takes D7.  That is a panic move. I'll take with queen. I mean taking with bishop was obviously better,  but I'll use my queen to checkmate him real fast before he can do some serious damage to my pieces.  A desperado. I'll take with or C0. Wait, I actually wanted to threaten knight takes C2  forking his king and rook, but now I finally notice that he also has knight A3, which defends  the C2 pawn, and also forces me to put my knight behind his knight, which blunders a horsey.  Ha! Nevermind. Knight C2 check. Okay, in no world do you play king E2 now which forces me to play  knight E1 instead of taking your rook. There we go. I'll take that rook. Man, even when I'm having  this much advantage, I still don't see how I am supposed to accomplish this mission. Knight A3.  Let's improve my rook. I said that my rooks were the strongest in this game, but there's still no  chance to see them in action. Knight F3. Ah ha, now I can take this pawn, but then next move I'll  most likely have to take the F2 pawn behind his knight as well, so a move like rook F1 or king  E2 is gonna force me to blunder my rook. So I guess, C5, I'll attack the center first. Rook A1  C D4 knight D4 I'll take this now rook F1 rook A6 knight C5 B5 knight E3 rook A2 B4 A B4 C B4  that should blunder a king queen takes D4 check. King E2. Ah ha, now rook takes A2 is 100% the  best move, but after he moves his king back, I'll have to put my rook behind his horsey,  which blunders a rook. Therefore, let's take this pawn instead. Man, this knight is so going to be  the most annoying piece in this video. Rook C1. Man, I totally don't see anything else,  let's just try our luck. By the way, I actually looked at the situation after the game,  and found out that there was a great idea of rook A3 and rook takes E3 removing the knight from the  game, but somehow that idea didn't come to me during the game. King E1. That blunders rook H1  checkmate in 1, but sadly, rook E2 check is forced. This is the first time I've ever been in such a  frustrating situation like this. King takes, let's defend this bishop first, in no world do you take  my bishop now and force queen C7 behind your rook. Of course. King E7. Rook C1 again. You know what,  I've had enough of this. Queen B2 check king D1 and f*** the rules rook H1 check resignation.  Mission is failed, but at least I won.  [Music] 