 100 rated chess, but the pieces, not pawns, can only make the longest available move.  Well, there are actually some problems with this idea. You see, in this position, my queen's  longest available move is queen h5 check, but after that, the longest available move for my  queen is queen back to d1, which means my queen can only go back and forth between d1 and h5 the  entire game. Therefore, let's add something like. In that direction, and it's like in this position,  queen d3 is also good, since it's the longest possible move in this direction, or in this  position, queen b3 also works, because it's also the longest move in this direction.  And with that out of the way, let's start the game. We get a 1 55 from columbia.  E4. Let's take some center space, since it's going to be hard to develop my bishops.  E5. Aha! That move opened up his dark bishop, which means bishop e7, bishop d6, bishop c5,  and bishop b4, are all threats to my video. Therefore, b4. With this move, I'm making bishop  b4 his longest available bishop move, and it comes with a free pawn, so he won't play the  other moves that can end my video. Knight f6. I think he's afraid that I'll play c3 after he  takes my b-pawn. Therefore, knight c3. And in no world do you end my video now.  Knight c6. Knight moves are good, since they always have the same length. Knight f3. I mean  knight takes b4 is also fine, because that will make bishop c5 his longest bishop move,  which is also very natural. Or just absolutely block the bishop instead.  But anyway, that move opened up his other bishop, and just like last time, g4, I mean bishop takes  is so obvious now, since that also pins my knight to my queen. Or not. And that's bad,  since bishop f5 cannot happen due to my pawn on e4. Bishop h3. Let's just hope that he'll get  scared and move his knight away, so there can be a bishop trade. F5. Very aggressive. He takes f5.  Ha! Now bishop f5 is available again, and he will definitely play it. Right? Of course. d4.  I think he can do something with my f-pawn here, but I think it's not that bad. He takes d4. Knight  takes d4. Knight takes d4. Queen takes d4. Bishop takes c2. Very aggressive. That blunders a horsey.  I'll take with queen. Okay, now comes the hard part. The board is now very opened up, which means  there are all tons of moves possible, which means he can pretty much end my video any time now,  or he can just blunder his king in one move, but there's no way that can happen anyway.  I solemnly swear, that this guy is not a paid actor. Queen takes d7. Checkmate.  Mission accomplished.  [Music] 