 I'm better than my viewers, and even though this position looks like an absolute disaster,  a real man never backs down from challenges.  Welcome to another episode of I'm better than my viewers, and the viewer this time  is a guy called Why You Read This.  Well he actually had a different name, but I guess since he knew that I'll say his  name out, this is how he decided to play me.  C takes d5. Before the video continues, I just want to make it clear that none of us  had any time to look at the position beforehand, and as you can also see, this position is  extremely complicated, so please understand that it is impossible to avoid making blunders.  Rook takes d5. Ha, I mean at least there is no way my position can get any worse when  it is already +40 for white, so there is not that much pressure on me.  Knight A takes c5. Ah ha. I guess it is my time to attack. Knight takes g5 check. Nothing  wrong with just giving a check. Knight takes g5, ok so some of you guys may already see  that now there is queen g4 king e4 bishop f5 checkmate in 2. But sadly, I didn't see  that. Queen takes f2. Again, this is definitely not my fault, it is obviously the chaotic  position's fault. Queen takes f2. Bishop takes f2. And as you can see, stockfish didn't  like that move very much. Nevermind. Again with the checkmate in 2. But this time, it  is a little different. Queen takes g4. King e4 is forced. Bishop f5 is checkmate in 1,  but I'm very sorry, that I went this way instead. Again, definitely not my fault, I take no  responsibility for that. Knight takes g2. I'll be honest I didn't even see that he had  a knight over there. Queen f5 king f3 queen g4 king e4. Those moves were to buy some time  to look at the position, but sadly, my ancient eyeballs still refuse to see this bishop standing  here the entire game. F3 discovered check. Knight blocks. Well, at least I'll try to  make a new woman. And at this very moment, that I knew, I f***ed up. Ha! Nevermind. And  in this position, after we both have blundered checkmates and missing checkmates, we ultimately  agreed to a draw. But since this game was so bad that people will get mad if I say the  line like I normally do, so let's change it to. I'm just a little bit better than my viewers.  *Outro Music* 