 100 rated chess, but you must predict your opponent's next move before making your own.  You must always stay above 50% correct. So even though I'm not accepting donation challenges  these days anymore, I'm in dead need of money to buy a car at the moment. So I guess.  Thank you for your donation. We get a 1 24 from France. Predicting my opponent's move before  making my own move will make the game a lot harder to keep track of, especially for the  beginner viewers. Therefore, I'll change it to. After. E4. Predicting first move is very problematic  because he can literally play anything here, but of course, I'm not gonna avoid the first  move like a coward. Predicting E5. Please don't end my video on move 1. Thank you. Accuracy, 100%.  So normally I would like to play D4 or Knight F3 here, but those moves also create too many possible  responses. So I guess, Queen H5. This move leaves only 2 popular responses, and I'll go with, Knight C6.  It's fine, 50% is above 50%. And don't even argue math with me, I'm an Asian. I'll take this pawn.  This leaves only 3 possible moves, and of course, I'll go with Queen blocks.  Correct. I'll take this rook. Queen takes E4 is definitely the play here.  Please take it. Aha, exactly as planned. Bishop blocks, and since I've moved my bishop,  Queen takes G2 is definitely the continuation here. Or not. Wow. That move actually creates a  ton of problems for me, because now not only his queen is very active, but he can also move his  bishop to any of these squares. Well who cares anyway, Queen takes G8. I'm not attacking his  queen because there are too many squares she can go to, and since he's pushed his pawn this way,  I'm down to guess D4 is the next move. There we go. That move really restricts his queen's activity.  D3. I mean he should be able to see, that I'm about to go Bishop H6 delivering a big attack  at his king, so Queen back to E7 protecting the bishop and keeping the queen safe is literally  his only choice at the moment. Right? Bishop H6 anyway. Now he has to play Queen E7. Freck.  One more wrong move and the video's dead, so I have to give a check. King D7 is forced,  and this will help bring my percentage back to safety. King D7. F3. This bishop doesn't have  many possible moves, these moves will only get kicked again by G4, so Bishop E6 protecting the  F7 pawn is obviously the most optimal move right now. Or not. Knight blocks, I mean even though it  is 50%, since he has to go Bishop E6 now, I guess we don't have too much to worry about.  What the fu-  [Music] 