 You saw the thumbnail, and it is real. But anyway, it's the second episode of I'm Better Than My  Viewers, and the challenger is a guy called QPS and 8R's first move. If I don't take his rook,  it's gonna cause a ton of chaos in my territory. Therefore, queen takes d1. I know my king is in  big danger, but this has to happen first. E5. Ah ha, if you really think about it,  even if I take his H pawn, my king will still be trapped in his territory, because the G pawn is  protected by his bishop, the H6 square is controlled by the G pawn, and the G6 square is  controlled by the F pawn. Therefore, we can easily see that my king will be trapped over there for a  while, so why not take a free knight, except that knight is not free, and there is a checkmate in  3 of queen F6 G5 and queen G7, but sadly, I did not see that during the game. And neither did he.  E4. E4 is also blundering a checkmate in 4. And to be honest, my every move in this game is  literally always blundering some sort of checkmate, so feel free to pause the video after every single  move to find them. D6. D4. Ah ha, that is a very rare case that I did not blunder my king.  E takes D4. Bishop C4. It's really hard to play the game with my king is in so much danger,  since my mind can't even calm down to make a justified decision.  Knight E5. Queen E2. The plan is simple. Bishop G4, F3, bishop E6, bishop takes E6, F takes E6,  and since his F pawn is no longer controlling the G6 square, I may have my chance to retreat  the poor king. Ah ha, exactly as planned. F3. Yeah f*** you stockfish, how am I supposed to  know that a move which defends my queen is blundering a checkmate in 7. Queen D7. Long  castle is coming, but there's nothing I can do about it. F takes G4. Yeah stockfish, I get that  knight C3 blundering a knight is definitely a better move than taking a free bishop.  Long castle. Queen F1. The plan is bishop takes F7 knight takes F7 queen takes F7 queen takes F7  king takes F7 and I win. Ah ha, that makes the queen trade even easier to happen. Queen takes  F7. And to be honest, I have no idea why bringing my queen closer to defend my king is actually  blundering my king. Bishop E7 check. Only 2 choices. King G7 puts the king on a dark square,  and since he has a dark square bishop, let's go to a light square instead. And then it turns out,  that light square is a wrong choice. F*** this game dude. Knight F6 check. Please remember that  I did not know that king G7 was the better move during the game, so I kept my mind that dark  squares are bad, and went for king G6. Is he gonna C queen G4 check bishop G5 is forced queen takes  E4 check king takes G7 is forced queen takes F7 mate. Sad. But at this very point, something  unexpected happens. As you can see, my opponent is nowhere to be seen, he got disconnected from  the game, and even though I can invite him back in, there is absolutely no way I'm going to do  that to let him checkmate me. Therefore, since none of us actually won this game, it is a draw,  and I'm still better than my viewers.  [music] 