 100 rated chess, but if your opponent acts like a paid actor, the video ends.  And since everyone has been talking about this paying actors stuff, let's just say,  or unpaid. Let's go. We get a 191 that is not an actor from Serbia. An actor would start the game  by a random move on the sides of the board, so if he starts the game by a normal center move,  that will prove that he's not a paid actor. Well, I guess he's just one of those guys who  like to play the carders opening. E5. Alright, this time he will definitely make a normal center  move, and not another random pawn push. Aha, I actually didn't realize, that g4 is a book move.  Yeah. Trust. Bishop e7. Alright, according to what he's been doing until now, he's obviously  planning to go f4 next, but since that is blundering bishop h4 check rotates h4 is 4  queen takes h4 checkmate in 2. A normal person will definitely abandon his plan of randomly  pushing pawns forward. Well, I think that we can all agree, that everyone blunders their king every  now and then, so this is just a normal case where my opponent just carelessly blunders his king,  and he is definitely not a paid actor. G5. I'm not going to checkmate him right now,  just give me some time to prove to you guys that there is no way this guy is an actor.  F takes g5. Ha! You see, he captured a free pawn, which is a move that creates advantages for his  game. D5. E4. Finally, a center move. I'll take it, a paid actor would just blunder a  horsey here or something like that, so if he doesn't make such move.  Aha, that is obviously just a casual queen blunder, because you know, we all blunder our  women sometimes, and that still happens even at the master level. Therefore, knight c6,  I mean a paid actor would continue to blunder their queen,  and a normal person will just take this pawn and call it an advantage.  Ha! Normal people for sure. Bishop e6, now he'll just play the game normally and there  is no more crazy queen blunder for the rest of the game. Yeah. I'm done.  [Music] 