 100 rated chess, but you have to win with lower accuracy than your opponent.  Dude. Here's the thing. I cannot know what my accuracy is during the game,  so how am I supposed to know if I'm doing well or not?  Well, I guess we'll figure it out. We get a 250 rated American.  E4, the challenge has two things to do. Win. And play badly.  To be honest, I don't think those two things do go together very often.  E5. Still theory. It's time for my first low accuracy move of the game.  B4. B4 is literally the worst opening move on the chessboard at move 2,  so there is no way he can make an even worse move right now.  Is this guy trying to prove that I'm wrong?  I'll take it. I'm pretty sure the best move was A3 to protect the B pawn,  so taking his pawn should definitely be a bad move.  Knight F6. Aha, that is 100% the best move, which is good for the challenge.  Knight F3. E4 is best, and it is very easy to see my man.  Perfect. The plan is simple. I make the best move very easy to see,  so that he can have higher accuracy than I do.  Bishop C4. Alright, now just take my knight and we both can be happy.  No. That's the wrong move. Castle. Let's try again.  F***. So every time I blunder my knight, my accuracy is low, but every time he misses my  free knight, his accuracy goes to the trash can, because Stockfish really hates miss wins.  Knight C3. Third time's a charm.  Nevermind. I guess I have to move my knight to avoid him further destroy his own accuracy.  Knight G5. I mean knight D4 bishop G6 knight E6 was obviously the best continuation,  so knight G5 was kinda forced, and it also provokes D5 blocking the fork, which is very easy to see.  That blunders a fork. Dude. It seems like this guy is willingly playing all the bad moves on  the board for some reason. Rook E1. I obviously could not go for the fork for the sake of the  challenge, and now please just play D5. This guy is really destroying me right now.  It's fine, I mean he's blundering a fork, so why not use my bishop instead.  Ok, only 2 choices. King E7 maintains the king on the same file with the rook, which is bad,  and king D7 moves the king away from my pieces, away from the rook,  and also dodges a future knight D5 check, which is obviously the better move.  Are you serious? Alright, how about this. Knight takes E4, a trade is very likely to happen,  and rook takes E4 is a check, so he has to go king D7, because king F6 is obviously blundering  checkmate in 3 of queen F3 check king takes G5 is forced E4 check king H4 queen H3 checkmate.  Well, I can't even say that resigning is a bad decision.  But anyway, let's just see the accuracy so we can have the official result.  Yeah. I can see that coming.  [Music] 