 100 rated chess, but it's Friday, all your pieces and pawns already drunk, so all of  their moves are random between blunders and best moves.  Alright, it is time to do some coding.  Very simple.  Our move is going to be randomized between a blunder or a good move, then we tell the  computer to show us the result, and since the computer doesn't know what random is,  I'll introduce the random guy to it.  Alright, that is all good, now I just need to add in a few more things to make it easier  for you guys to keep track of the results, you don't need to understand any of these  things, just watch the video normally, and only care about the results to come.  We get a 2 35 from Israel.  E4.  First move, let's run the program.  Move 1 is a blunder, and since there is only one way we can make a blunder, B5 is forced.  That's fine, next move is gonna be a good move.  Queen F3.  Random, blunder again.  Now I have to choose between F5 and D5, and since F5 looks a bit too dangerous, I'll say  goodbye to David.  David is dead.  Alright, there is no way this is another blunder.  Are you serious?  I'm out of pawns to sacrifice, and C6 is too dangerous because of C7 discovered attack  on my rook and a 4 coming with promotion.  So I guess, knight C6.  This video is going very wrong very quickly.  D takes C6.  Okay, 3 blunders in a row, statistically speaking, this has to be a good move.  What the f*** is happening here?  Bishop D7 is kinda forced.  Dude, after he takes, even if I roll a good move, I still have to move the king out.  Thank you.  There is no way it happens 5 times in a row.  Ah ha.  Finally.  Bishop E6.  I mean I basically don't have any moves that can magically change the situation after being  forced to make so many blunders, but if we can get a few good moves in a row, we can  definitely turn the table.  Knight C3.  Statistically speaking, I should be getting another good move here.  Nope, we're back to hell.  Bishop back to D7.  Well I mean it blunders C D7 queen D7 queen A A checkmate in 2, but since he didn't take  my bishop last time, chances are he also won't take it this time.  Right?  Perfect.  Ah ha, good move again, bishop E6.  Bishop F4.  Blunder.  What kind of 50/50 is this?  Bishop F5.  I'm blundering a pawn through bishop takes C7 queen takes C7 queen takes F5, and of course,  blundering through tactics is also a type of blunder.  He missed it.  And blunder again.  G5.  It's fine, just a pawn anyway.  Bishop takes G5.  Okay.  Now I need a good move to retreat my bishop, and since we got too many blunders already.  Nevermind.  Bishop G7.  Queen takes F5.  Good move.  Rook B8.  Queen D7.  Randomize.  Blunder.  Ha, guess what, the only 2 moves I can make are just equally bad, but since we rolled  a blunder, I guess it has to be king F8.  Bishop takes E7 check.  Blunder again, but in this situation, the moves are just the same.  He won.  Okay, the situation is already very bad for me, so I desperately need a good move.  This has to be the worst program I have ever built.  F5, and then in this position, I realized, that F5 doesn't blunder anything.  [Music] 