 100 rated chess, but your pawns are plotting against you. You need to get rid of them before  making any captures. Okay there is no way this is possible in any circumstances, but as a real man  and not a coward, I can not withdraw myself from difficulties. E4. Well I mean in order to let my  pawns die, I of course need to push them forward. E5. D4. I'm sorry David, but someone needs to die  first, it's just a little bit unfortunate that it turned out to be you. Or not. B4. Alright,  two choices, three ways to capture, there's no way he's not taking anything.  C4. Okay this is actually pretty concerning because the challenge itself was already very  hard, and if he also doesn't take my pawns at all, I may have to take things further just for  the sole purpose of provocation. Aha! Thank you. Knight C3. Of course. Knight D5. I mean this  situation is quite dangerous, but there's nothing I can do as captures are not allowed at the moment.  F6. Not very aggressive. Bishop F4. I'm threatening to trap his queen, the purpose is to provoke D6,  because since these pawns are not likely going to be pushed, I need to get his light bishop active  so that it can take my pawns on this side of the board. And then he decides to blunder his queen  instead. Bishop C4. I don't know, I just felt like I had to put my bishop in the middle of everything  right here. And the box is ruined. That blunders the queen and the fork the second time in a row,  but again, I cannot make any captures. Queen G5. Alright, I mean now he has to push D6 to attack  me. Nevermind. Rook C1. My rook is not defending this pawn anymore, now go queen A5 to take it.  Perfect. But this move also creates a problem, as he no longer can push D6 to develop his light  bishop. Therefore, knight C7 check. After king D8, his king will be defending his bishop,  which once again allows D6 to happen. Not gonna lie, I totally did not see that coming.  Bishop back. Queen B6 knight F3 F5 queen H4. Finally, some progress. Or not. Knight E5. I'm  attacking this pawn, so you take this pawn to protect this pawn. Or you blunder your queen to  distract me from attacking your pawn. Alright, how about this. King D2. Maybe he didn't see  the backward knight attack, but there is no way he cannot see a melee king fight.  And then he decides to defend his pawn by that amazing queen move.  You know what. F*** this challenge. There's no way I can do it. I mean most of his pieces  haven't even moved yet but my position has already been destroyed, post game analysis  says 11 blunders from both sides, this opponent is way too powerful for me. I'm out of here.  [Music] 