 100 rated chess, but centralized pieces, or pawns, must not get out.  Open parenthesis, 16 squares, close parenthesis.  That sounds pretty impossible.  But you know, a real man doesn't run away from a challenge.  We get a 275 from Australia.  For those of you who don't know, the central 16 squares, is this area, which means if a  piece, or pawn, that steps their feet into this square, must never get out.  E4.  E5.  Still theory.  And of course, these pawns must never leave this area.  D4.  Since this mission sounds pretty impossible in my perspective, let's just play really  aggressively and get our victory.  F6.  Well, this pawn definitely cannot leave the center, but no one said, that it cannot die.  F takes E5.  That blunders a rook.  Oh wait wait wait.  In this position, there is queen H5 check, G6, queen takes E5 check and then win the  rook, but since the move queen E5 already put the queen in the center, it must not get  out of there, which means I cannot take his rook.  You know what?  I think it's fine, I mean I cannot take his rook, but I'm still hoping for a king move  instead of G6.  Nevermind.  I'll still take this pawn.  Well, I mean there are still some hopes.  Ha!  You see?  Bishop C4 check.  There should be a checkmate coming very soon.  D5 is forced.  Rook takes D5 check, and let me remind you guys, that these pieces must not get out of  this square, unless they die.  I'll take with pawn, because this way, I can also prevent knight C6, which attacks my queen  and also puts another piece into the center.  Bishop B4 check.  Ah ha!  A lot of people may say that that move puts the bishop into the square and then take it  out, so I'll have to end the video, but know, that bishop actually went to B8, and then  change its direction to go to B4.  And in case you want to argue that no one travels like that, then let me remind you,  about the ever-given, and the Suez Canal in 2021.  But anyway.  Bishop D2, trading is good for me.  Bishop back to D6.  Knight still blunders the rook, but sadly, queen to D4.  Ah ha!  Now he finally protects his rook.  Knight F3, I mean knight H5 ends the video, but there's no reason to play such move.  Right?  Of course.  Bishop E3.  C5.  Very aggressive.  The French move.  Oh, wait.  Please don't retreat your bishop.  Ha!  Not even close.  That blunders a bishop.  Well I mean that was pretty much his only chance to end my video.  The F-  (upbeat music) 