 100 rated chess, but you reveal the challenge after a bishop move. This has to be the first  time I've ever taken on a covered challenge that has absolutely no reaction in it. So logically  speaking, this should be an easy one. We get a 139 from India. e4. e5. Bishop c5 is a very big  threat. d4. I mean in contrast, I am in some way provoking bishop b4, but he should be able to see  that c3 will cause him a lot of troubles. Right? Definitely. I normally continue to gambit a pawn  here, but just for this game, queen takes d4. This way, my queen can completely prevent his bishop  from going out. Knight c6. Queen c4. b6. He's threatening bishop b7 starting the challenge,  and as you can see, there is no way I can prevent it from happening. Therefore, knight h3. Instead  of desperately preventing it, I'm provoking him to open up his bishop the other way to capture my  offsided horsey. And then for some unknown reason he decided to move the other bishop.  Alright, we'll see the challenge. There is gravity toward the bishop's location,  your moves must now reduce the distance from the bishop's location, using Pythagorean theorem.  This challenge is basically saying that his bishop is fat, but who cares anyway. My knight on h3 is  square root of 29 away from his bishop, while the g5 square is only 4 squares away from it.  Knight g5. I'm threatening queen f7 checkmate in one, but in fact, my queen cannot move away  from his bishop, so I may have to come up with a more detailed plan. Queen f6. Square root of 18,  square root of 13, f3, d5. Aha, putting something right next to his bishop is definitely going  closer to the fat guy, he takes d5. Bishop g4. A very desperate attempt to provoke me to allow  queen f2 to the point that he doesn't notice my queen on the other side, but I can only take this  horsey. I'll say that moving my pawn next to his bishop to another square also next to his bishop  is legal. Bishop takes f3. My pawn on g2 is 5 squares away from his bishop, f3 to c5 is square  root of 13, g takes f3. And for those of you who are wondering why c5 to g2 is 5 squares,  ha, I'm not going to explain. Queen takes f3. 4 is larger than square root of 13,  free woman. I can't believe that I've been setting up queen f7 from the beginning of the game,  and this guy has never even blundered it once. Resignation. Mission accomplished.  [Music] 