 100 rated chess, but you're a penguin.  Every time you kill a prey, you must bring the piece back to its original position,  in order to share the loot.  Well, then I guess we'll have to say...  Not porn.  Very challenging.  This is one of those challenges where my opponent can actually win the game against me,  and then my viewers will start to dislike the video,  and then the view count will be really low,  and then my channel will start to die.  But of course, I'm not a coward.  E4.  D6.  Not very aggressive.  D4.  C5.  Ha, now it became a very weird Sicilian.  I'll take this porn.  Knight D7.  I'll take this too.  Edward takes, bishop C4.  Knight GF6.  Knight C3.  Man this guy is actually playing pretty well compared to my usual opponents.  Nevermind.  That blunders a horsey.  Alright, now the challenge truly begins.  My next two moves have to be bringing my knight back,  so if he plays a move like Qe7 to pin my knight to my king,  that will end the video,  but he should be able to see,  that Qe7 is just blundering Qe2 threatens knight takes D6 check king D8 is forced  knight takes F7 check and forks his rook in the corner.  Right?  Of course, he's obviously attacking my bishop,  but sadly, I have to move my knight.  I'm sorry Frank, but you need to die for the video.  Goodbye Frank.  Knight B1 is forced, and would you look at that.  After 9 moves into the game, all of my pieces are still in their original positions,  except for David, Edward, and Frank.  Queen F6.  C3.  Bishop F5.  Ah ha, that blunders a horsey to Qa4 check king D8 queen takes E4,  but if I do that right now, I will then have to spend at least 2 moves to move my queen back,  so a move like Qe5 check will immediately end the video.  Therefore, let's go knight E2 first,  this move blocks any future queen checks,  and let's just hope that he will continue to blunder his knight.  Ha! You see, if it wasn't for my cautious play,  the video would've already ended by now.  Qa4 check,  I mean now he actually has B5 to defend the knight,  but why not just try my luck anyway.  There we go.  That blunders another horsey.  Alright, as mentioned before, now I have to spend at least 2 moves to move my queen back,  so in no world do you give a check now.  Thank you.  Queen B3, how about rook back to B8?  That also works.  Queen D1 is forced.  Man, even though I have 3 points of material advantage,  this position doesn't seem to be advantageous at all.  Rook C4.  Knight A3.  Rook E4.  Ah ha, he's obviously trying to stop me from castling  because that will drop the king's protection on my knight.  Therefore, bishop E3.  D5.  Castle.  I actually didn't want to castle because that will put my king in the starting position of my G knight,  which means this knight won't be able to capture anything as long as the king is still on that G1 square.  But since the situation has become too dangerous, I guess I didn't have a choice.  D4.  That blunders a pawn.  Alright, now I'll have to spend 2 moves to move my bishop back,  so in no world do you go queen takes H2 check now.  Of course.  Oh, wait.  Actually that's not really good because after bishop E3,  he may decide to take my queen, which I cannot take back because bishop C1 is forced.  Bishop E3.  Okay dude, you're being down 4 points of materials, so you shouldn't be trading queens right now.  Rook H4.  Oh, wait.  That is even worse.  Dude.  Now bishop C1 is forced, which blunders a king.  Well I mean there's a chance that he's not gonna play that move.  Right?  Yeah there's no way this guy is 200 rated.  [outro music] 