 100 rated chess, but you are a chad.  Every time you can make a move that violates a chess principle, you have to play it.  This is going to be fun.  Ah ha.  First off, principle number 63, try not to look at your opponent's rating until after the game.  Guess what?  We get a 127 from the US.  And quite frankly, I've been breaking this principle in literally almost every single  video on this channel.  H4.  Principle number 02, control the center.  So of course I control the rim instead.  Knight F6.  Rook H3.  I mean it would be boring if I keep breaking the same principle over and over again,  so this move is to prepare for the next principle to come.  E5.  Very aggressive.  Principle number 28, develop your rooks to the open files, and principle number 29, put  rooks behind passed pawns.  Guess what?  Rook D3.  Develop the rook to a closed file, and of course, in front of the pawns, regardless  that they are passed pawns or not.  D6.  Ah ha.  Here comes my favorite principle.  Principle number 21, do not make careless pawn moves, they cannot move back.  So of course.  E4.  I'm sorry Edward, but you need to die for the video's sake.  Edward is dead.  But anyway.  Principle number 26, don't bring your queen out early.  Therefore, queen F3.  My position is totally fine.  Knight takes F2.  Ah ha.  Now queen takes is obviously the best move, but principle number 27, castle soon to protect  your king and develop your rook.  So how about, we don't castle at all.  Let's go my useless king.  C6.  Not very aggressive.  Principle number 05, a knight on the rim is dim.  So of course.  A knight is dim.  Queen B6 check.  Ah ha.  King back is obviously the best option.  But principle number 31, don't let your king get caught in the center.  Which is to say.  King to the center.  And to be honest, I think my king is absolutely safe.  H5.  Very aggressive.  Okay now most of the remaining principles only regard about how a person should learn  to play chess and things resemble to that.  So I guess, knight G5.  Let's just play the game normally until there comes a chance for a new principle to be broken.  Rook H6.  Queen F7 king D8 queen F8 king D7.  Ah ha.  Here we go.  The last principle of all, principle number 64.  Always play for a win.  Therefore, queen F7 check.  The plan is king D8 queen F8 king D7 queen F7 king D8 queen F8.  I make a draw instead of a win.  [Blooper]  The mission is failed, but before the video ends, I just want to say that in this article  that I used for this video, the author actually missed one more principle.  Principle number 65, never talk about chess principles on a chess website, because even  though this guy spent like 20 hours to write this massive article to help new players get  into the game.  If we look just a bit closer.  Account.  Closed.  [Music] 