 Bet simp can't defeat this woman. How dare you underestimate me. 100 rated chess, but opponent's  queen is a charming Aphrodite. All pieces. And pawns, while in her vision will fall in love and  cannot capture her. I have no idea how he can possibly think that such an easy challenge can  get the better of me. Let's show this guy who's the boss here. We get a 1 0 2 from the Philippines.  The core of the challenge is just to win my opponent's queen, because if I can win his queen,  the rest of the game should be easy as I only have to play normal chess. So I guess. F4. Opening up  this diagonal has a bait for his woman to come out. Unless he decides to keep her in. E4. A gambit  should also be good. D takes E4. Knights E3. E3. That blunders a pawn, but since my D pawn is in  his queen's vision, I cannot take it. E takes D2 check. Bishop takes D2. E5. That blunders another  pawn, and I'll take with my horsey. Bishop G4. Ah ha. I cannot move my queen because she is standing  in the opposite woman's vision, but of course I can move my horsey. Bishop E4. I don't want to  lose my knights because they are the only ones that can capture my opponent's queen. Therefore,  knight E4. Knight F6. That unfortunately forks my knights, so even though I really don't want  to do this, I have to let one die. G takes F6. There's a free bishop here, but once again,  since my bishop is in his queen's vision, I cannot do that. I mean who knows, maybe he'll feel bad  for me and decide to keep his bishop there so that I can take it on my next move. Right? Well,  very generous. Knight takes B4. That blunders a horsey, but you know how it is. Bishop C4. I can  already see, that this challenge is going to be the cleanest victory of my entire channel. You  have been disconnected, please refresh the page to reconnect. No I'm fine thank you. Queen D4.  Wait. That queen has just completely stunned my whole army. A3. I don't know, just wanted to make  a move, and somehow I feel really bad about this video now. Queen takes E4 check. I cannot move my  king due to the rules, I cannot block with this bishop due to the rules, I cannot block with my  queen because a queen trade will immediately end the video as it is literally a checkmate according  to the rules. So I guess, bishop E3 is kinda forced. It's fine, I can block with the other  bishop after he takes this one. But unless he magically finds the best move. Wow. I still cannot  move my king due to the rules, queen takes C2 is forced. Please take this bishop. Well, the challenge  only requires me to take his queen, so now since I have lost my queen before I'm able to do that,  I hereby admit my defeat as a real man. Have a great day.  [Music] 