 100 rated chess, but you have tunnel vision, you may only move the pieces, or pawns, that are  currently within a 3 tile range from what your opponent just moved. You know, this sounds pretty  impossible, but actually, I think I have a small trick. We get a 2 1 6 from Costa Rica, and since  I have to make the first move, let's just ignore the challenge for now, because it wouldn't be fair  if I have to end my video at move 1. E4. E5. Aha, now I can only move a piece, or pawn, that is  within 3 square from this guy, so let's see. 1, 2, 3. F4. Some people may say that counting like this  is cheating and it makes the challenge way much easier, but you know, the guy who gave the challenge  didn't say anything about how I'm supposed to count the squares, so I will take full advantage of  that. And I'm not a coward. F5. I'll take that pawn, no need to count there. E takes F4. Aha,  now queen H5 is very strong, and let's see. 1, 2, 3, queen H5. Again, I'm absolutely not cheating at all.  G6. F takes G6. Again, no need to count that. H takes G6. That blunders a rook. I mean a move like  B6 will immediately end my video, but since my queen is attacking very hard over here,  no one can get their bishop on the other side of the board. Right?  Of course, that move cuts my queen away from seeing the H4 square, which helps him play  queen H4 next, and even though I can go queen E5 check, queen E7 will force me to trade queens,  and after bishop takes E7, I actually have no pieces or pawns that are 3 squares away from  his bishop, which means I'll have to end the video. So I guess, queen H7. This move threatens  to take his pawn with a big check, so I hope that he will get scared and play something like queen  F6 instead of queen H4. Or he can just don't get scared and also don't go queen H4. But anyway.  1, 2, 3, queen takes G6. Man, this challenge is so easy. King E7 is forced, queen takes G4,  the plan is just to keep my queen in the middle of the board, so that she can have an optimal  distance from all of his pieces. D6. Aha. 1, 2, and 3. Queen H4, wait wait wait. I almost went  queen H4, which is a check, and then after king back to E8, I actually have no pieces or pawns  that are 3 square close to his king, which means I will be ending my own video. So I guess, queen  takes F4. I don't really want to block my bishop's way, but at least this will keep my queen in the  center, and since I didn't check him, there is no reason to play a move like king E8. Right?  1, 2, no. 1, 2, no. And the worst thing is, Stockfish actually said, "Excellent".  [Music]  [Music] 