 100 rated chess, but you can only check the opponent's king as many times as they check  yours. Ha! In case you don't know, my opponents tend to resign from the game before they get  checkmated. We get a 100 rated guy from Jordan. D4. E5. Opening up my king for more potential checks.  D takes Edward. And you know what, leaving my king here is probably not a very good idea.  Therefore, king E7. Come at me you mother******!  Ha! Plus one baby. F6. The plan is very simple. E takes F6 check, knight takes F6, bishop takes  F6 check one more time, and then I'll take with my G pawn. Exactly as planned. Knight takes.  Bishop H4. Not very aggressive. D5, further opening up the center for even more potential checks.  G4. That blunders a pawn, and of course winning a lot of materials to make him resign is also  an option. Bishop G3. That bishop has been moving around a lot. King back, I'm just trying to open  up the way for my bishop to go out, and I'm definitely not a coward. Queen C1. I have no  idea what that move does. Bishop C5. H3. Very aggressive. Bishop H5. Bishop E5. I don't want  to lose that knight. Knight E4. Bishop H2. Ah ha, that allows bishop takes F2 check which forces  his king to move, but spending a check right now is probably not a very good idea since his king is  still very safe in the center. So I guess, knight takes F2. Knight F3. I was planning to go queen  H4, but I guess now I have to take this rook instead. Queen F4. Very aggressive. I'll take  this knight. Losing this bishop is very sad because I think it will do great in checkmating my  opponent's king, but who knows, maybe he'll decide not to take my bishop and instead go for something  like queen E4 which gives me a check and a chance to retreat my bishop at the same time. Right?  I solemnly swear, that this guy is not a paid actor, or unpaid actor. Bishop takes E4.  Bishop G2. That blunders a bishop, but queen H4 check first. That uses a check from my inventory,  so now the question is, where's my checkmate in 2?  I see nothing. Queen G5 check is probably the best move aiming for king E1 queen C1 or king  C3 queen E3, but if something else happens, I'm not sure if I can ever checkmate him in this game  anymore. So I guess, I'll play it safe. No need to rush, he can resign at any moment now. Knight C3.  D4. I don't know, just trying to bring more materials into the attack.  Rook G1. Dude, his king is being attack in the middle of the board, yet he decided to fork my  pieces in the absolute corner. I'll give this check. That also wins me a piece, and based on  how he's been playing, I bet he'll take with his king or move his king up, which should be really  good for a potential checkmate in 1. Absolutely. Queen B4 queen D4 is checkmate in 2, but since I  only have 1 check left, knight F2 first. Rook takes G2. That blunders a king. Queen B4. Checkmate.  Mission. Accomplished.  [Music] 