 100 rated chess, but once you capture a piece, or pawn, you cannot capture another piece,  or pawn, that has a lower value. Actually, I think we can just erase this part.  Yeah, I mean as long as my opponent doesn't blunder his queen many times in the early moves,  I'm sure this challenge is absolutely doable. H3, the very famous Clemens opening.  E5, E4, ah ha, since the challenge doesn't allow me to downgrade my captures,  the best plan is obviously to capture as many pawns as possible in the early game,  therefore, D5, need to make good use of our chances when his queen hasn't moved out yet.  Nevermind. I'll take this, well I mean as long as he doesn't go crazy with his queen,  things are still totally under my control. Queen takes E4. Knight C6, in no world do you take this  pawn. Or this horsey. No doubt. F5. Queen E3, continue attacking that queen feels a bit too  aggressive for me, not to mention that I can't really take it this early into the game and ruin  my video. So I guess, knight F6. Knight F3. Ah ha, that blunders a piece to knight D5 queen G5  queen G5 knight G5 knight Db4 castle H6 knight F3 E4 forking 2 minor pieces, but since I'll have to  take his queen first in that line, that is not very positive for the video. So I guess. E4. I  mean this pawn is pinned, but there is a chance that he doesn't know about such tactic, and will  just go for a desperado. Perfect. F takes E4. Okay. Now the challenge truly begins, all of his pawns  are invincible, so let's just hope that he won't push them too aggressively. B3. Ha. I mean that  is also a pawn push, but to be honest, that pawn is gonna take a while until it can do any damage.  Bishop E7. But anyway, the fact that he sees that he was pinning my pawn so he doesn't need to move  a knight was very impressive. Nevermind. That blunders a horsey. G takes. Castle. D4. Very  aggressive. That blunders a pawn, but of course I cannot take it due to the rules, therefore, rook  E8. A4. Aha, that blunders a queen to bishop E4 discover double pin on both the knight and the  woman. But do I even want to do that though, because after queen E8 desperado queen takes E8,  all of his other materials will become invincible, so I'll have to somehow checkmate his king without  taking anything from that point onward. Well, I'm not a coward. I mean if he can just somehow let me  take his knight first before taking his queen, that will be very convenient. Well. Very convenient.  I'll take the knight first. Bishop takes. Maidenless. F takes. Alright, now I somehow have  to checkmate his king without taking anything at all, and to be honest, that is not going to be an  easy task. Bishop F5 rook C1 knight D5 E4 queen H4 king D2 queen F2 king D1 knight E3 checkmate.  Mission accomplished.  [Music] 