 100 rated chess, but there are self-defense laws, you can only take a piece, or pawn,  that is attacking one of your pieces, or pawns. I personally don't know what a self-defense law is,  but of course, I only need to care about the challenge, we get a 1 0 3 from the Netherlands.  E4. E5. Still theory. No more theory. D5. Bishop B5 check. Very aggressive. C6. Bishop A4.  Ok here we go. This pawn is obviously attacking my pawn, therefore, I can take it. D4. Aha. Again,  this pawn is also attacking my pawn, so once again, I can take it. Knight H3 queen A5 bishop D2.  This bishop is actually attacking my pawn here, so of course, I can take it. Man,  this is actually even more easy than I expected. A3. Knight F6. B3. I'll pull my woman back.  A4. Aha. That is blundering a pawn, but sadly, that pawn is not attacking anything from my army,  which means I cannot take that pawn. H5. B4. Aha, now this pawn is attacking my pawn,  therefore, I can take it. So as you can see, my bishop is attacking his queen, but his queen is  actually also attacking my bishop, so if he can just blunder his queen right now, that will be  very convenient. I solemnly swear, that this guy is not a paid actor. I'll take the woman.  King takes, ok, let me prove it to you, that he's not a paid actor. B3. A paid actor would  take my pawn and absolutely blunder their rook, which means that this guy will not be making that  move. No, this doesn't count. Queen takes A1. B takes A7. That blunders a horsey, but since it's  not attacking anything, I cannot take it, and even though I should really take this pawn, let's go  for, bishop E7. Ok. Now comes the hard truth. If he was really a paid actor, he would not take my  knight and change Andy's gender. There we go, now we all know he's not a paid actor. Rook takes new  woman B5. Rook takes bishop G5. That blunders rook B1. King E2. Queen A6. C4. Queen A2. Bishop D2.  Queen C4. Checkmate in 4, but sadly that is against the rules so queen B2. King D2. D3. Knight C3.  Ah ha, so it seems like this pawn is attacking my pawn so I can take it, but actually, this pawn  is pinned to his king, which means it cannot move, so it's actually not attacking anything. Rook C5.  Knight takes E4. I can take that king D3. Bishop G5. King E4. Queen E5. King D3. Rook C3. Checkmate.  Mission accomplished.  (upbeat music)  (upbeat music)  (upbeat music)  (upbeat music) 