 100 rated chess, but when your pieces, or pawns, see another piece, or pawn, dying,  they become sad and must die as soon as possible.  Very challenging, just by reading that challenge, I can already see that this video is either  going to be the easiest win of my entire life, or the most cringiest pathetic loss ever recorded  on this channel.  E4.  Knight c6.  D4.  I mean if he takes my D pawn now, my queen will be seeing my D pawn's death, so I'll  have to sacrifice my queen as soon as possible, and after he takes my queen, my knight and  my G pawn will be seeing my queen's death, so I'll have to sacrifice them as soon as  possible, and maybe there'll be another piece or pawn seeing them dead, which means I'll  have to continue sacrificing those guys, and then the domino effect reaches my king, and  since I cannot sacrifice my king in any ways, I'll have to end my video, which means in  conclusion, knight takes D4 now is probably ending the video in like 10 moves, but since  my D pawn is very obviously defended by my queen, there's no way he'll be taking it.  Right?  Of course.  E5.  Since I'm attacking his knight now, there's no way he's taking my D pawn.  Right?  No doubt.  F3.  Okay now I guess we don't have to worry about my D pawn anymore because he's obviously  seen that it is defended, so let's just focus on playing the game, properly.  Knight G5, bishop takes G5, the challenge said my pieces should feel sad when seeing  another piece dies, but there's no reason to feel sad for your opponent, so let's just  say that it only applies to my pieces.  F6.  Aha, now bishop F4 F takes E5 will make my bishop seeing my E pawn dies, which means  I'll have to sacrifice my bishop.  So I guess, I'll go back this way.  F takes E5, David saw Edward's death, so he has to die as well, but if he dies right here,  my queen will see David's death, which means she'll also have to die, which is not very  convenient for a chess game.  Therefore, D takes E5, if David dies on E5, no one cares.  Goodbye David.  And of course, even though I saw David's death, I think we can all agree that the challenge  doesn't apply on me.  Knight C3 C6 F4 Knight G6 Queen H5 E6 Aha!  That blunders a queen, and after king takes, no one saw my bishop's death, so that was  very much a free queen for me.  King takes.  Bishop D3.  Knight takes F4.  Ha, no one saw that either.  Therefore, queen H4 check bishop E7 queen takes horse E G5 queen G3 B6 knight G2 A6  this is very suspicious knight D4 bishop B4 Oh no, that is actually pretty dangerous because  after he takes my knight, my B pawn will be seeing that, so I'll have to let him die as  well, and who knows how many pieces will be dragged into the domino effect.  Therefore, I'll give a check, let's try to checkmate him before he can mess up my video.  King C7 queen E5 check D6 queen G7 check who cares about that trash rook anyway king B8  that blunders a king knight takes C6.  Checkmate.  Mission, accomplished.  [Music] 