 100 rated chess, but progress is hard, after every 2 moves forward, you must make 1 move  backwards. Sounds absolutely impossible, but as we all know, I'm not a coward. We get a  164 American. E4, that is 1 move forward. E5. Ah ha, so my favorite move right now against  the 100 rated players is D4, but after D4, I'll have to make a backward move, and apparently  since my pawns cannot do that, I'll have to end the video instead. Therefore, knight C3.  Queen H4 will be very dangerous, but since I'm already defending my E pawn, there's absolutely  no reason to play such a move. Right? Nevermind. Alright, knight B1 is kinda forced. This game  is going very wrong very quickly. Thank you. He is obviously asking for G3 E queen E4 queen  H1, but sadly, I'm not that stupid. G5. Very aggressive. G3. In no world do you take this  pawn and force queen E2 because I have to make a backward move which blunders a rook.  Of course. Backward move. Queen G2. Bianchetto. Queen my queen. Queen F6. Knight C3. Knight  C6. Knight D5. Queen E7. That blunders a woman, but sadly, I have to make a backward move.  Queen back to F6. Ah ha, he's obviously provoking me to go back to D5, and you know what, there's  no way I'm refusing that. Queen E7 again please. Queen E6. Ha, that still blunders the queen  regardless. Knight C7 triple fork. King E7. Testosterone. Now I have to make a backward  move, and it just happens, that there is knight takes E6. I bet he doesn't have enough testosterone  to take with the king. Man. I really underestimated him. Bishop C4 check. King D6. D3. B5. That  blunders a pawn, but again, backward move. Bishop A6. F4. Let's see if he knows about  the famous French move. Ha. No. F takes E5 check. No way he's taking with king here.  Queen F1 is forced. Knight takes C2. That blunders a horsey. Knight F6. Bishop G5. Alright, now  please just make a random move and blunder queen F6 checkmate in 1. Sadly he's not a  paid actor. And in this very position, there is a very easy to see checkmate in 10 for  white, so if you're interested, please feel free to pause the video right now to find  the checkmate, while I don't give you any seconds to do so, because I already saw that  checkmate from 10 moves earlier. I'll take that horsey. Spoiler alert, that move wasn't  the correct move for the checkmate in 10, I wanted to keep the puzzle for you guys to  solve on your own. F6. Ah ha, that blunders a king to queen F6. King D5. Bishop B3 checkmate  in 2, but sadly, I have to go backward. F5. Bishop B3. Rook HF8. Queen F4. Checkmate.  Mission accomplished.  [Music] 