 100 rated chest, but it's rush hour, you can only move pieces, or pawns, that block your own pieces,  or pawns, from moving. I mean a much simpler solution is to just wait for the rush hour to  run out, but you know, maybe this guy is really rushing, we get an exact 100 rated guy from  Saudi Arabia. I really want to push a pawn right now, but as you can see, there is no pawn push  that fits in the rules, therefore, knight c3, this knight is blocking the way of my c-pawn,  so it is following the rules. e5. e4, this c-pawn now blocks the way of my knight,  so it is also following the rules. knight c6, I really want to go bishop c4, but since my knight  has already blocked the way of my c-pawn, bishop c4 actually doesn't block anything's way, which is  against the rules. Therefore, let's do knight f3 first, same idea like before, I'm blocking my  f-pawn's way. knight f6. Aha, I wonder how long has it been since the last time I actually have  a theoretical opening like this against a 100 rated player. Bishop b5, and of course, this  blocks the knight's movement. d5, aha, now knight takes e4 bishop d7 knight takes d7 is obviously  the best continuation, but sadly, even though I can take this pawn, knight takes d7 is impossible  because that move doesn't block any pieces or pawns that I have. Therefore, I'll take this pawn,  blocking my knight by the way. knight takes d5. Okay now knight takes e5 is not even possible  anymore, which makes me really regret why didn't I just take it first and then take the other pawn.  But anyway, queen e2, the plan is to fix my mistake and take that pawn on the next move,  because my knight will be blocking my queen's way. Bishop g4, queen takes e5 check. Of course  knight blocks and queen e4. Nevermind. That blunders a horsey to knight takes d5, but then  after he takes my queen, knight takes e5 is impossible because it doesn't block any pieces  or pawns from moving. Therefore, let's just be safe, and retreat my queen. I'll take with king  if he takes. Long castle. Very aggressive. I'll castle too. No worries, queen takes there is knight  takes that blocks the way of my bishop. Knight e5. Aha, that blunders a horsey, but again,  if woman takes woman, I cannot take back because it is rush hour. Therefore, rook e1. Queen e6.  Aha, finally, queen takes e5. Queen g6. Aha, I think he's trying to win my knight next because  my pawn will be pinned to my king, which is actually pretty amazing because this has to be  the first time I've ever seen a 100 rated player trying to set up a tactic to win a piece. But  actually, who cares about that horsey anyway. Knight takes d5. That knight is blocking my queen's  way, and oh no my horsey. That horsey is dead. I'm so sorry pal, but you had to die for the greater  good. Queen takes c7. Checkmate. Mission accomplished.  (opening theme music)  (upbeat music)  You 