 100 rated chess, but the marriage counseling went wrong, opponent's queen and king must not move  toward each other. Sounds very heartbreaking, but of course, who gives a shit. We get a 1 22 from  Russia. E4. E5. Still theory. Logically speaking, I definitely don't want my opponent to develop  his queen. Therefore, D4. I mean if he is busy dealing with capturing stuff, he won't have time  to move his queen out. Or he can also copy my moves and make me busy with capturing stuff instead of  him. I'll take this ball. And I've just realized, that I'm literally just provoking him to move his  queen out. I'm so f***ing stupid. Ha. Nevermind. Queen takes D4. Knight C6. Ah ha, this has to be  the first time I've ever seen a 100 rated guy trying to use tactics against me, and for those  of you guys who cannot see it, this guy is actually baiting me to take his knight, which blunders a  queen, but sadly, I'm not that stupid. Alright, now we know that this guy is actually a real deal,  this game is definitely going to be fun. Well, at least it's going to be fun for me.  That blunders a bishop. Queen E7 check. Taking his queen will make this challenge 100% a success,  which is very boring, therefore, bishop blocks. For entertainment purposes,  even if he takes my queen right now, I still won't take his queen back. Bishop D7. Yes. I'll  retreat my queen first. H5. Very aggressive. That blunders a horsey. B takes C6. Ah ha, now bishop  C6 bishop C6 queen C6 is winning a full rook, but then he may decide to block the check with queen  D7, and after I take his rook, there is queen D8 ending the video because the distance from D7 to  E8 is square root of 2, which is longer than D8 to E8. So I guess, I'll just play it safe. Rook H6.  I'll take this pawn, my plan is to get him to play rook G6 queen retreats rook takes G2,  because if he has an active rook, he'll have less motivation to move his queen.  Or he can just move his queen instead. Knight C3. I can already see, that this challenge is  going very wrong very quickly. Queen takes B2. Taking this knight is best, but it makes me a  fool for forcing my opponent ending my video, I also cannot attack his queen because queen A3 also  ends the video. So I guess, I have to take a risk. Alright, the plan is very simple. He takes my  rook, I move my king up, he makes a random move, I checkmate in 1. And in no world do you take my  knight right now to end my video.  What the f-  [Music] 