 100 rated chess, but every 5 moves you have to start a new match. You may stop when you checkmate,  or draw, within 5 moves. Just to be clear, even though I added or draw here, it doesn't mean that  I will try to draw a game instead of checkmating my opponent. Let's go. And since I think I will  be facing many opponents from now on, let's not introduce our opponents for this video.  E4. Since I only have 5 moves to destroy him, the best plan is obviously. The 4 move checkmate.  Knight F6. I really want to play E5 here, but as we all know, we don't have time for that.  Bishop C4. I mean the worst case scenario is that he'll play E6 absolutely block away my bishop and  there is no way I can checkmate him anymore, but who refuses a free pawn anyway. Right?  D4. Okay the situation is actually pretty hopeless now. But I still have a plan.  Knight takes E4. Here we go. Bishop G5. The plan is very simple. He blunders his queen,  I take his queen on move 5. He resigns. Nevermind. And even though it's only been 4 moves into the  game, I don't think there is a way to win this game within the next 4 moves.  E4. Same plan as before. E5. This time I'll go with queen first. D5. Aha, that totally prevents  bishop C4 quick checkmate from happening, so I guess my only choice is. Queen takes E5. There  is no way I can checkmate him within the next 2 moves, but if he can just block with his bishop  right now and then blunder his rook next, maybe he'll be sad enough to resign. I'll take this  pawn. And since I have absolutely no idea how to win this game within the next move. Next opponent.  E4. Man, I feel like a guy who is trying to get a girlfriend by flirting with one girl after  another. E5. Queen H5. I mean knight F6 is actually really bad because even though I get to win a  pawn, his king's safety will be too high that even magnum carlos won't be able to break through within  5 moves. Queen takes E5. I can already see, that we'll have to play the 4th game. Queen blocks.  Trading queens is definitely a bad idea. Queen takes C7. I only have 1 move left,  but if he can just take this pawn with his knight and blunder his bishop,  maybe he'll resign after that. Very convenient. Queen takes F8. Queen blocks is forced,  and now instead of starting a new game, I'll sit here and wait for a resignation.  Well. New game I guess. E4. E5. Starting with black is actually a bit more problematic because  it is harder to make a quick checkmate, but who knows, maybe I'll get lucky after losing 3 times  in a row with white. Queen H5. Ah ha, so instead of me scholars mating him, now it's him who is  trying scholars mate me. Queen F6. Ah ha, as soon as I defended my F pawn, he doesn't want to  scholars mate me anymore. Which is to say. Coward. Bishop C5. Queen F2 is not checkmate, but if he  can play bishop D1 here, that will be the most convenient thing that can ever happen on this  channel. Of course it doesn't happen. Only 2 moves left for checkmate, and since there is obviously  no way to do that, I have an idea. G6. Queen takes E5. And now since he's taken one of my pawns,  offer a draw. Draw accepted. Mission accomplished, and in case you are wondering why did I sacrifice  a pawn before I offer a draw, you might have noticed that my opponent is actually from India,  and since Indians are very friendly, the fact that I offer a draw just after blundering a  pawn makes him thinks that I made that blunder on accident, so he accepted the offer.  [Music] 