 100 rated chess, but every second move, you have to move your king in the worst way possible.  Absolutely impossible, we get a 135 from Bangladesh.  E4, okay I'm sure now the best strategy is just to not move anything around the king so that the  king will never be able to move, but to be honest, that sounds just like what a coward is going to  do, and of course, I'm not one of them. King E7 next let's go. What the f*** was that? I solemnly  swear, that this guy is not a paid actor. King E7, now don't tell me that he's just gonna keep  advancing his king. Okay good, I'll have to move my king on the 4th move, and since I obviously  don't want him to go to the middle of the board. D6. Knight C3. King F6, I can't see any differences  between king F6 and king E6, so I just chose a random one. D3, that threatens to skewer my royal  couple. Therefore, H6, I mean if he still plays bishop G5 now, I actually cannot take his bishop  because I have to move my king, which blunders a woman, but no one plays like that anyway.  Right? Ha, not even close. King E6, to be honest, even though my king is in the middle of the board,  somehow I think that he is very safe right now. Knight H4, aha, that blunders a horsey,  but do I even take it though, because after queen H4 G3, I'll have to move my king according to the  rules, which blunders a maiden. Well? I'm not a coward, now let's just hope that he'll just play  a random move. Well, I'll say that that move was very random. King F6 is forced, and I've just  realized that my queen is trapped. Ha, I mean it doesn't matter if he doesn't attack it anyway.  Knight C6, king move and queen back coming up next. F3. King E6 is forced. B3, so the original  plan was to retreat the queen, but as I can see here, queen G3 is a much better move. Queen B1.  Man, I cannot understand any of these moves. King F6 is forced, I'm confident to say he's  just gonna blunder his bishop next. Or his rook. Queen takes. Bishop E2. King E6. G4. Alright,  even though I'm having a tremendous amount of advantage, it is still very hard to make progress  because I cannot do anything that requires more than one move. Therefore, let's take a risk.  Knight D4, I mean if he takes my knight right now, I cannot take back because I'll have to  move the fat king. And he took it immediately. King F6. Well I mean at least that proves that  he's not a paid actor, unless he decides to keep his bishop there. Well, I guess that was a mouse  slip. Bishop D1. King E5 is forced. You know what, at this point, I only have two theories.  The first one is that he's an unpaid actor, which is not true because we all know that I never get  any actors into my videos. The other one is that he's actually one of my viewers and he realized  that he is playing against me making a video, which is basically also an unpaid actor. Therefore,  I'm not gonna play this game anymore. Draw by agreement. Mission kinda accomplished.  [Music] 