 I'm better than my viewers. Bow and arrow. Let's go. Welcome to another episode of I'm  better than my viewers, and today's challenger is a guy called Zach, and right here we can see that  he's saying something that seems to be very knowledgeable. The net was a step forward,  the web is a step back. Very cool. I'll take this bishop. There is no way that was not the best move.  E3. Ah ha, since I'm having too many same color bishops, let's just reduce their number.  F takes E3. Bishop takes E3. Queen takes E3 will be very convenient. Not very convenient. Knight  takes B takes bishop dates. Man, this game is so simple that I can't even think of anything to say  to make the video longer, all the moves were so obvious that there is no way I can make any  progress. Bishop takes H2. Rook H takes H2. This is actually really bad, because all I have are  just some useless same color bishops, some horses that are not even active, so if he takes all of my  rooks now, there is no way I can checkmate him because I have no idea how to checkmate with  bishop and knight. And yet he took one more rook. Rook takes. Well I guess it's fine, I still have  a pawn here that can change gender in the future. Nevermind. Taking this pawn is fine, but I'll go  for rook G3. This guy is 1100 rated, so as long as he doesn't move his queen away from this square,  I'm confident to say that he will definitely blunder that woman in the near future.  Bishop takes F1. Bishop takes F6. Alright, how about knight D5 to attack my bishop,  that looks like a great move. He wants a check first. King C1 is just way too dank,  so king E1 is kinda forced. Knight D5 is best move, for me. That blunders a woman.  Bishop takes B6 check. Knight takes B6. Rook takes D3 check. Well, I mean it's actually not even that  good because if he takes my rook now, I don't really have anything to checkmate him anymore,  so if he can just ignore this rook for 1 move, that will be very convenient.  I'll take this pawn, and in this position, I offered a draw, because as I said, I don't know  how to do knight and bishop checkmate, and apparently since my opponent also don't know  how that thing goes, game drawn by agreement. Which is to say, I'm better than my viewers.  (upbeat music)  [music] 