 Valentine chess. If you can feed your opponent's queen with a piece or pawn, you have to.  And of course, I cannot take my opponent's queen because that would make it too easy.  Let's go, we get a 3 0 5 from Vietnam. E4, if he brings his queen out, that will make the video  go very wrong very quickly. Therefore, H5, at least that stops queen H5 and queen G4, and about  queen F3. Well, we can only hope that it won't happen. G4. Very aggressive, the rule said I have  to feed his queen if I can do so. Therefore, H takes G4 is forced. Wow, I was planning to not  let his queen out, but now it seems like I'm just provoking his queen to come out and ruin my video.  Yeah. I hate this guy. Now I have to sacrifice my rook or my pawn, so of course, let's go for  the pawn first, I mean there's always a chance that he's not gonna take it. Right? Nevermind.  Rook H5 is forced. Oh, wait. I didn't realize that I can also sacrifice the pawns on the other  side as well. My bad. Alright. It's fine, it's just a fat rook anyway. B5. Queen H8. Very aggressive.  Of course moving the knight away should be the best move, but sadly, I have to feed his queen  if I can. So I guess. E5. I mean maybe he can take my pawn instead of my knight. Right? Maybe not.  Wow. This guy is totally destroying me right now. Queen G5 is forced. F***.  Is this guy a smurf? Now since I already have a free E pawn for him to take,  I think we can all agree, that I don't have to sacrifice another piece.  Bishop B7. You know, I think it's still winnable. Knight C3. Wait. I have an idea.  Bishop E7. Since he didn't take my E pawn last move, I think he doesn't see that it's hanging,  so I'm hoping for queen G8 check. Bishop F8 is forced, queen back to G5, bishop back to E7,  and we repeat moves for a draw. Aha! Exactly as planned. Bishop F8. But wait,  it's just step 1, step 2 is he needs to go back to that exact same square.  Of course. Bishop back to E7. Haha! Let's have a draw my friend.  You know what? I don't want to play this game anymore. F*** Valentine.  This guy is obviously a smurf. And I'm just gonna end the video right here.  (upbeat music)  (upbeat music)  (upbeat music)  (upbeat music)  [Music] 