 100 rated chess, but every time a piece. or pawn. dies, your queen must immediately visit  file F to pay respects. I mean since there is no reason to pay respect to my opponent's  pieces. Let's just say, that it only applies to my pieces.  Let's go, we get a 140 from somewhere around the world. Or another world, I don't know.  E4. E5. Opening up the way for the queen to go to the F file should obviously be the first  thing I have to do.  Bishop C4. Knight C6. Nothing wrong so far, unless he decides to go bishop takes F7, which  forces my queen to pay respect to my F pawn, but since it is a check, I cannot move my  queen, which means I'll have to end the video, but I mean who plays like that anyway. Right?  Queen G4. Aha! That blunders a piece to D5 double attacking his queen and his bishop,  but based on my experience, D5 here will most likely get E takes D5, which blunders a queen,  but since my pawn dies, my queen has to pay respect, and then he'll continue to take my  knight, which blunders the queen again but force me to pay respect again, and then again  and again until he has a new queen. Therefore, D6. Most people at this ELO will still blunder  their queen this way though.  This guy is such a smurf. Knight D4. Queen E3 allowing a triple fork will be very convenient.  Wrong square. Alright, here we go. F5. E takes F5 will force queen F6, but since I need to  open up the position, I'm willing to waste a move moving my queen.  Knight F3. I'll take his pawn then. And I've just realized that I've blundered a horsey  because after queen E4, queen F6 paying respects is forced, and then he can take a free horsey.  Knight takes D4. Wow! That blunders a queen, but queen F6 is forced. This guy actually  found an even better way to capture, because this way he not only can win my knight, but  also can laugh into my face because I cannot take his blundered queen due to the rules.  Ha! Nevermind. Now that really blunders a woman. And for the challenge's sake, let's  just say that after he takes my pawn, I'll have to move my queen to another square on  the F file, because keeping the queen on the F file to pay respect to everyone sounds like  a cheap way of cheating.  Resignation.  Mission accomplished.  [outro music]  [outro music]  [outro music]  [outro music]  [outro music]  [outro music]  [outro music] 