 100 rated chess, but you're a simp, if a piece, or pawn, can move into the sight of the opponent's  queen to impress her, it has to. Trying so hard to impress a queen, is very impressive.  E4, the very obvious plan is to close down the center and not let him move his queen out,  because as soon as his queen joins in the fun, this video is f***ed.  E6, aha, that opens up the queen's view this way, therefore, H4 is forced, everything is going  according to plan. D5, opening up the board is very stupid, therefore, E5. Bishop D6, that blunders  a bishop, and since E takes D6 also puts Edward into the queen's sight, E takes D6 is forced,  it's actually pretty sad that even though Edward is trying very hard to impress the enemy queen,  he'll have to die next move. Edward is dead, D4 is the best move now, but that will force bishop  G5 impressing his queen next move, which is not very impressive, therefore, B3. Knight F6, aha,  bishop B2, the plan is to trade with his knight before my bishop gets swallowed by his queen,  so as long as he doesn't move his knight away now, the mission should be very easy from now on.  That is not very convenient. Bishop F6 is forced. Please take with your knight or pawn.  Thank you. C4 castle knight C3 knight C6 E takes D5 E takes D5 D4. Well I mean at least I still  have a center pawn to control the dark squares to replace the dead bishop. Wow! That blunders a  horsey, but if I take it, my queen will be forced to go queen F6 or queen B6 next move to impress  his queen, which blunders a woman. So I guess, knight F3, I'm down to take with pawn next move.  Knight E4. That blunders the knight again in 2 different ways, but sadly, knight G5 is forced.  How come a horsey also wants to impress a woman though? Knight takes G5. H takes G5,  okay now if he takes that pawn, I'll go queen H5 and then we can trade queens and this mission is  a success, but since my queen is still attacking his knight, I guess he'll just move his knight  back now. Or he can just not take the pawn and not retreat the knight at the same time and just very  casually push a flank pawn 2 squares forward. Bishop D3. I'm threatening bishop H7 king H8  bishop G6 king G8 rook H8 king H8 queen H5 king G8 queen H7 a very textbook checkmate in 5.  So in no world he cannot see it. Right? Yeah, he saw it. Since he developed all of his minor pieces,  the next thing to come is obviously his queen, which is not very good for this video.  Therefore, let's take a risk. Queen H5, okay I know a lot of people are very mad right now  because this is just blandly blundering a bishop, but based on my experience against the 100 rated  players, they will just play G6 right now to attack my queen, which blunders a king, so I  believe that this is a worthy risk to take. Ha! What an amazing unpaid not actor. Queen takes H7,  checkmate. Mission accomplished.  [Music] 