 100 rated chess, but you're a master of intimidation, you make your opponent resign without taking any pieces.  Not pawns.  Let's go, we get an exact 100 rated American.  E4, the plan is very simple. If I cannot take his pieces, I'll take his pawns.  And then he gave me a free pawn on move 1. I'll take it.  Man, this has to be the most convenient start for a video in this entire channel.  C6. I'll go back this way.  E5. Knight F3.  F6. Ah ha. You know what? I'll take a risk. Knight takes E5.  To be clear, that was actually a blunder because he has queen A5 forking 2 pieces,  but that move is very hard to see, and there is also a chance that he may take back with his pawn,  which blunders queen H5 queen E5 a very strong continuation for me.  Exactly as planned. Queen H5 check. I mean he should be able to see,  that G6 is just blundering queen takes E5 check queen takes H8 winning a rook,  so advancing the king forward should be the way to go here.  Of course. If you don't believe me, king E7 is best. I'll take this pawn.  King F7 is forced. Bishop E3 check. I mean I technically cannot checkmate him  because the challenge requires him to resign, but if he can just go king G6 blundering  a very easy to see checkmate in 11, I can still only make 10 moves and let him resign  before I make the final blow.  D5. I'll take it. C5. D6 discovered check. In no world do you block with your bishop now.  Are you serious? That blunders queen take C6 checkmate in 1,  but since I'm not allowed to take his pieces or deliver a checkmate.  C4. I don't want my bishop dead, so I had to block away the Mexican standoff.  Bishop D6. Queen E2. H5. That blunders a rook fork to queen F3 check,  but since I cannot take his rook for real. D4. Opening up this bishop first.  C takes D4. Queen F3 check. Bishop blocks. Man, between an amazing queen block  and the best knight block, he went for the bishop block. C5 discovered check.  King E8. I can't think of anything. H4. Like the grandmasters always do,  if you don't know what to do, move your flank pawn 2 squares forward.  And it worked. No, wait. Abandoned.  So is this a win or a loss? What kind of situation is this?  What the f-  [outro music] 