 100 rated chess, but you are a coward, which I am obviously not, you can only move a piece,  or pawn, to a square if at least 2 other pieces, or pawns, already defend that square.  So even though I'm obviously not a coward, I still have to do this for the video.  We get a 3 1 0 from Poland. All squares on 3rd rank are obviously defended by either 2 pawns  or a pawn and a horsey, therefore the best move right now, has to be b3. The plan is obviously  to pianketto my bishop, and I've just realized that I actually can not do that because there  are not enough pieces defending the b2 square. I am so f***ing stupid.  E6. Not very aggressive. Knight f3. It's fine, it's not like this very small pawn push is gonna  destroy my position or anything. D5. E3. Bishop c5. D4 is defended by my e-pawn and a horsey,  therefore, pawn to d4. Bishop b4 check. Aha, now pawn to c3 is best, but since the c3 square is  only defended by 1 piece at the moment, I have to block with a piece. Well technically I can also  move my king forward, but maybe that is a bit too much testosterone. Queen d6. Now 2 pieces are  defending c3, c3. Bishop a5. c4. Don't tell me that you're just gonna move back to b4. Okay.  Knight takes. Queen a3. Bishop e2. Just a random waiting move, since I didn't have any good moves  to make, and even though I usually try to attack and win my opponent's queen when he moves her  forward, based on my calculation in this challenge, if I want to take his queen, I'll need to have at  least 2 pieces attacking her at the same time, which means I need my opponent to blunder his  queen at least 3 moves in a row, which is basically impossible, so I'm just not gonna care about his  woman in this game. dc4 knight c4 queen e7 coward. e5 is defended by these guys. Knight f e5.  Knight c6. He wants to take my knight, and since that knight is defending d3 with my bishop,  queen d3. Need to make good use of that horsey before he dies.  F to our horsey. e5 is still defended by this knight and this pawn, therefore, d takes e5,  the challenge only said that the square has to be defended by 2 pieces, and didn't say that I  cannot move one of those pieces to that square. Queen b4 check. Ah ha, blocking the check should  obviously be the best move, but just for this one time, king f1. Trust me, I have a plan.  b5. Very aggressive, d1 is controlled by my bishop and queen. Rook d1. Oh no my horsey.  Your sacrifice won't be in vain. d8 is controlled by this battery. Queen to d8. Checkmate. You may  be wondering how did my rook can see through his queen and control a square all the way to  the other side of the board. Well, I decided it that way.  [Music] 