 100 rated chess, but you obey the church. Your pieces and pawns can only move to the  same square color as the most recently moved bishop. Very challenging.  C3. Aha! Long time no see, the Sarago-Sa opening. E5. There has been no bishop move yet,  so let's just assume that we can make any moves that we want. Knight F3. Perfect. E4. Free tempos  are really important because if I can make a good amount of development before he can develop his  bishop, the game would become much easier. Knight E5. Very aggressive. D6. E3. That blunders a  horsey. Now that he's opened up his light square bishop, I need to find a way to move my dark  square bishop, because once he moves his light bishop, my dark bishop won't be able to move for  an eternity. Wow, as soon as I need to move my bishop, he gives me the most convenient target  possible. Bishop takes A3. He's not a paid actor by the way. B takes A3. Alright, now that there  is a bishop move on the board, the challenge has officially begun. Knight F6. Queen A4 check.  Oh. I totally did not see that coming. King F8 is kinda forced. It's fine, his queen is only  dangerous if she's in the middle of the board, but that is obviously impossible right now.  Nevermind. That blunders a queen, but since she's on a light square, I cannot take her due to the  rules. Queen D6. Now don't tell me that he's gonna take this pawn and then my rook as well.  Yeah you better run away you coward. H6. A4. G5. Never gonna give his queen up.  Queen H5. That blunders the queen again, but again, that is a light square, so I still cannot  take it. King G7. The plan is simple. Rook D8, bishop moves, queen takes D2 checkmate.  Queen H3. That still blunders the queen, but again, it's a light square. Rook D8. At this  point, I'm getting scared that he might already find out what I'm doing right now and is just  trying to mock me. Nevermind. Now that really blunders the woman. G takes. I'll take this  bishop too. Ha! Perfect situation, now just go bishop B2 and there should be some sketchy  checkmate for me. Or not. I really want to take that pawn and go F3, but since the last bishop  move was a light square bishop, I cannot disrespect the rules. Therefore, knight E4. Okay.  Now you can blunder your king. It's fine. Queen C2. I'm attacking your bishop, how about moving  it away? G takes H6 check. King H7 is kinda forced. King E2. That blunders a checkmate in 4 of knights  C3 check. King F2. Queen F5 check. King E1. Queen F3. D takes C3 and rook D1 checkmate, but sadly,  the very first move is already blundering the challenge. So I guess, let's bring in more pieces.  No need to rush, he will eventually have to move his bishop. Ha! There it is. Queen takes D2 check.  King F3. Queen F2 King E4 and F5 checkmate is obviously the best continuation since it is also  a checkmate with a pawn, but sadly, F5 is a light square move, which is against the rules. Knight G5.  To be honest I actually still don't see any other checkmates, but I guess it will eventually happen  anyway. King G4. And since we don't have much time left, let's get the video faster to match the  tension of the game. Queen takes E3. King H5. Queen F4. Rook A G1. Queen F6. Let's just flag him down.  Rook takes G5. Queen takes H6 and his time runs out. Mission accomplished.  [Music] 