 100 rated chess, but you really like your opponent, you must move your piece, or pawn,  as close as you can to your opponent's last moved piece.  This is going to be annoying, we get a 1 1 2 from Spain.  E4, so normally I would develop a good plan for each challenge and then strictly follow  that plan to get the most optimal outcome, but for this video, I'll say that the plan  is to pray that our opponent won't do anything too crazy.  E5, now I need to move as close to his E pawn as possible.  Therefore, D4 is kinda forced.  D5.  Ah ha.  E takes D5 is forced, the closest distance possible, is definitely 0.  E takes D4.  Queen takes is forced, I mean if he plays something like knight C6 right now, that will  force me to take his knight and then blunders my queen, but he should be able to see, that  I always have queen E3 check which forces knight E7 blocking his dark square bishop.  Right?  Of course, bishop E6 and C6 are still dangerous threats to my queen, therefore, queen A4 check.  I mean if he can just not block with the bishop and forces queen takes blundering a queen,  that will be very convenient.  That was literally the most convenient move possible.  D6, for the video's sake, let's just say that this pawn is also only 1 square away from  the king, which means it is equal to queen D7, so I totally didn't have to sacrifice  my queen, and let's just hope that he'll play king F6, which allows bishop G5 instead of  having to move my queen again.  Queen takes D6.  That is very unfortunate.  Queen C6 is forced.  Alright.  It's fine, it's not like I need a queen to win this game anyway.  Woman's dead.  C4 is forced.  I mean if he can just take this pawn and allow me to take back, then we don't have to worry  about our queen anymore.  I solemnly swear, that this guy is not a paid actor.  Bishop takes C4 is forced.  Ha, now the queens are off the board, there is nothing that can go wrong anymore.  Are you serious?  Bishop D5 is forced.  King takes D5.  Knight C3 check.  In no world do you keep advancing your king here.  B4 is forced.  I can't believe that this guy is absolutely destroying me, by advancing his king into  my territory.  King takes A4.  Bishop D2 is forced.  Aha!  Thank you.  B5 is forced.  Some people may say that this move puts my B pawn further away from the king due to the  Pythagorean theorem.  But no, I have legally decided that it is still following the rules.  King takes.  A4 is kinda forced, and I've just realized that no matter where he's moving his king  to, I will always have to sacrifice my bishop.  King C6.  Bishop A5 is forced.  I mean a lot of people actually cannot see that their rooks can also go forward from  the starting position, so maybe this guy won't see it either.  You know what, this challenge is obviously impossible, so I'm just gonna end the video  right here.  Mission is failed.  Have a great day.  [music] 