 I'm better than my viewers, and I don't know what this is for. But anyway, welcome to episode 12 of  I'm better than my viewers, and the challenger this time is a guy called ProDud, and it's Dud,  not Dude, with a rating of whopping 2158. And of course, having a position of -9 against a 2100,  is probably not gonna turn out well for me. Let's get a why first, of course I cannot beat a 2100  while being maidenless. Knight g3. Ah ha, he's obviously trying to make way for his g-pawn,  and also trying to attack my bishop. So I guess, knight f7. Since I'm already down too many pieces,  I think it's better to just gambit a bishop to slow him down for another move.  That bishop is dead. And by the way, that was frank. I'll take this queen. Ha, guess who's  maidenless now. G2. Ah ha, after losing a wife, we can see that he's just really rushing to get  another one. Queen takes h8. The plan is simple. G-pawn changes gender, knight takes f5, g takes  f5, queen takes h7, checkmate. Of course a 2100 is gonna see that. I'll get another wife. Ha,  jokes on you, now even if you get a wife, I still have more maidens than you do.  G3. Ah ha. Coward. Even though he's having a massive advantage according to Stockfish,  he's literally making room for his king to run in case I move my women into the attack.  Queen takes h7. Knight e5, that knight is too dangerous, I have to take it. F takes,  alright, it's time to make the ultimate move. Queen takes g6 check. The plan is very simple.  King takes g6, queen e8 check will prevent his king from running away,  which then opens up a chance for me to make a 3-fold repetition draw.  And of course, there's no way a 2100 was gonna fall for it. Knight c4. I'm obviously threatening  knight take c5 checkmate in 1, but as we all know for sure, there's no way an elite 2100  rating points like him is gonna fall for this one. And then he said, I see what you're doing  with that move, you're trying to get a 3-fold repetition. Dude, I didn't even know what this  guy is talking about, I absolutely didn't see any repetitions in this position, and since I'm a nice  guy, I decided to be honest with him. Dude, I didn't. I just centralized my horsey. Well the  idea was actually checkmate in 1, but he saw that already, so there's no need to say that again,  and I'm still a nice guy. And then he said, oh. G1 equals queen. Just for this case only,  I think that no one is gonna believe me, even if I solemnly swear like usual. But anyway. Knight  take c5, checkmate. I'm better than my viewers.  [Music] 