 100 rated chess, but every piece, not pawn, must land on the H-file, at least once.  Well even though I'm wondering why he chose the H-file instead of the A-file in his name,  let's just assume that his girlfriend's name starts with an H. For those of you who don't know,  this area, is called the H-file, which means I'll have to move all the pieces I have to that area,  at least once. E4. Knight C6, I mean this knight has to be my biggest problem in this video,  so I really need to move it over there before it dies. Knight C3. Knight E5. Knight F3. Ah ha,  taking that knight and then E5 is obviously the best continuation, but since my knight hasn't  landed on the H-file yet, it is not allowed to die. Therefore, knight G6. Alright, just one more move,  and I can play with the other pieces. D4. E6, knight H4 next, and don't tell me that you're  gonna play G6 and absolutely destroy my plan. Thank you. Knight H4. Alright, one down, 6 more to go.  Bishop C4. G6, the plan is very simple. Bishop H6, bishop takes H6, knight takes H6, knight takes  H4, queen takes H4, and then guess what, I only have 3 more pieces to worry about. Castle. Bishop  H6. Of course he'll take. Nevermind. Knight F5. G4. Very aggressive. Knight H4 again, man these  bishops have been staring at each other for like an eternity. D5. You know what, since he really  doesn't want to take me, I'll take him then, I mean there is a chance that he'll just take with  his queen and blunder this horsey right here. Right? Nevermind. Knight H6. Dude, on second  thought, I think that most 100 rated players would have just immediately taken with their queens  instead of their rooks, so the fact that he actually spotted that his queen was being overloaded with  defending 2 pieces at once, makes me think that he is not really a 100 rated player.  Wow. As soon as I said that, he blundered his woman. Knight takes F3 royal fork. Alright,  now comes the moment of truth, please don't resign just because of a queen.  Well I mean after I take his queen there is a second fork of his rook and his bishop too,  so a resignation is actually an acceptable decision. Therefore, mission failed, successfully.  (outro)  (outro) 