 100 rated chess, but the only piece, or pawn, you can take is the piece, or pawn, your opponent  had just moved. This is going to be annoying. E4, E5, nothing wrong so far. Knight C3, D5,  let's be really aggressive. D3, not very aggressive. D4, I mean if he can just play knight D5 and  blunder his knight. It would be very convenient. Of course it doesn't happen. Bishop G4, F3,  bishop H5, knight G3, aha, I think I have an idea. Knight F6, knight takes H5, aha,  since he's just moved his knight, I can take it. The plan is very simple. He makes a random  move, queen H4 check, G3, knight takes G3, and I'll have a big attack on his king. Exactly  as planned. Here we go. Queen H4 check, let's just hope that he won't move his king. Perfect.  Knight takes G3, well I mean even if he goes H takes G3 now, I actually cannot take his  rook because I can only take the pawn due to the rules. Well, nevermind, that blunders  a king to knight takes E4 discovered check king E2 queen F2 checkmate in 2. But sadly,  I actually cannot take his Edward due to the rules. Therefore, knight F5 check, I mean  it's still a check, so it shouldn't be too bad. King D2, knight E3, I was kinda scared  of king E2 and bishop E3 to take my knight, but king D2 absolutely made my job a lot easier.  Queen E2. Aha. I think I do have another idea. Knight C6, the plan is knight B4, C takes  B4, bishop takes B4, checkmate. Nevermind. I mean now there is also bishop B4 check king  takes E3 is forced E takes D4 checkmate with a pawn, but sadly, E takes D4 is actually  against the rules because I cannot take a pawn after he's just moved his king. Therefore,  I'll take it right now. Alright, it's fine, now there is still bishop B4 checkmate in  one threat, and even if A3 happens, there is also knight B4 oh no my horse E A takes  B4 and bishop takes B4 checkmate. Knight H3. Very aggressive. Bishop B4. Checkmate.  Mission, accomplished.  (soft music)  (upbeat music)  (upbeat music)  (upbeat music)  (upbeat music)  (upbeat music) 