 100 rated chess, but if an enemy piece touches your piece, yours can never move again.  Including the pawns sounds absolutely impossible, therefore, I guess we have to say. Not pawns.  Let's go, we get a 1 27 from Poland. E4, since the pawns are not affected by the rules,  they will definitely contribute a major part to my victory today.  Knight F6, I'll A kind defense. E5, no offense to I'll E kind, but I think this opening sucks.  Knight D5. C4. Knight F4. Guess what, still theory baby. D4. Knight G6. Ah ha, now I guess  knight F3 is the best move, but once again, since my pawns are not affected by the rules,  I really want to use them to their maximum value. Therefore, F4. F6. Very aggressive,  that blunders a horsey to F5 knight H4 queen H5 check G6 queen takes H4, but after my queen H5,  my queen will actually be touching his knight, so she won't be able to move anymore, which means  I'll be blundering my woman. So I guess, I'll go for a bigger target. Queen H5, and I've just  realized that my queen is also touching his knight in this position, so she actually also cannot  move anymore. Man, I have no idea what I'm doing right now. And to be honest, I also have no idea  what he's doing right now. F5 wins his knight but after H takes, I actually cannot take his rook  because my queen cannot move anymore, therefore, bishop D3. This is starting to look like a real  100 rated game, from both sides. F takes E5. Very aggressive. Bishop G6 also gets the same idea with  F5 last move. Therefore, F5. I'll attack his king, not his other pieces, because my woman is going to  die very soon. E6. Aha, in this position, there is actually a checkmate in 9 moves for white,  so if you're interested, please feel free to pause the video and look for the checkmate pattern,  while I don't give you any seconds to do so, and the answer is, F takes G6 check. In case you're  wondering, I did see that entire checkmate in 9 pattern. Trust. H takes G6. Aha, that just took  the checkmate length from 9 to 5, which is very convenient. The move is bishop takes G6 check.  It's actually very funny that he can literally go king G8, which blunders bishop F7 checkmate in 1.  But since my bishop cannot move anymore after touching his king, his king will actually be safe  on G8. Or he can just make the game really convenient for me by blundering his king in a  different way. Queen G5 is against the rules, therefore, bishop G5 checkmate. That was easy.  [Music] 