 100 rated chess, but reverse capture logic, your pawns can only capture pieces, and your  pieces can only capture pawns. Sounds absolutely terrifying. We get a 198 from the United Kingdom.  E4. Knight c6. D4. I mean technically if he takes my pawn right now, I actually cannot take back  because a piece cannot take a piece, but who plays like that anyway? Right? Bishop c4. It's fine,  unless he decides to also take this pawn with a check and forces me to move my king.  c6. Not very aggressive. Knight f3. Knight takes f3. Only pawns can capture pieces,  g takes f3. Queen a5 check. Bishop d2. Somehow I have a feeling that he's gonna blunder his queen  right now. Are you serious? That blunders a woman, but I cannot take it due to the rules. Bishop b3.  Queen retreats. Alright. F4. Opening up my queen for a quick attack at his king,  or else I'm so going to lose this game. Knight f6. E5. Since only my pawns can take his pieces,  if he can just blunder his knight right now, that will be very convenient. Of course it doesn't  happen. Don't want to lose my bishop, not to mention that I also cannot take his knight back.  Bishop e3. Knight back to f6. Ah ha! Finally! That blunders a horsey. After all of those moves,  I finally got some material advantage. He takes f6. Queen e2. Queen a5 check. Knight c3. Bishop e4.  Very aggressive. That blunders a queen to bishop b6 discovered check and double attack on the queen,  but since I actually cannot take his queen due to the rules, bishop c5 instead. King d8 is forced.  I'll check with queen. The problem is that I still cannot find any checkmates. King c7. Queen d6.  I'm down for a repetition. Maybe not. I can win a bishop, but that is against the rules.  Long castle. Let's just hope that he'll take my knight instead of my bishop.  Or not take anything at all. Knight d5. The plan is very simple. C takes d5, bishop takes d5,  checkmate in 1. Or he can blunder his queen instead. I'll give a check first. King a6 is forced.  Okay. Now what? He's threatening queen a1 checkmate in 1, and even though I also have  knight xb4 checkmate in 1, a piece cannot take another piece. Oh well f**k the rules knight xb4,  checkmate, and since I broke the rules myself, there's no what the f**k today.  [Music] 