 100 rated chess, but the enemy queen is an ice queen, all of your pieces, or pawns, in the line of sight of the queen, cannot move.  Well, the idea sounds pretty cool, but sadly, I don't know what an ice queen means, so let's just change it to... Medusa.  Let's go, we get a 2-1-0 American. With premiumed membership.  D4. Ah ha, I was afraid that he would go E4 and queen out causing terror, but D4 really doesn't do anything harmful to my video.  Knight F6, and by the way, according to the rules, everything that I have in his queen's sight, must not move.  E4. That blunders a pawn, of course a move like queen F3 will be very problematic because I won't be able to move my knight anymore, but you know, who develops their queen first anyway. Right?  Of course. Knight back to F6.  G4. Very aggressive.  H6, of course I cannot let him push G5.  Nevermind. I'll take it.  And he doesn't even take back.  Alright then, I'll take this as well. This guy has been blundering 3 pawns within 6 moves, and I solemnly swear, that he's not a paid actor.  Bishop G5.  B6, well at least he won't blunder any pawns in this position.  And then he blunders a bishop instead.  G5, such a wonderful unpaid actor.  Bishop takes G5. That blunders a rook.  Oh wait wait wait. If I take his rook, my rook will be within his queen's sight, which means I cannot move my rook anymore, so it can even be considered as a rook trade.  But on second thought, it's not like I have any other choices anyway.  Rook takes H1. Now my rook cannot move, unless he moves his queen away.  Bishop takes F6. He takes F6.  Knight E2. Bishop A6.  Knight F4. Ah ha, that blunders a bishop and a woman, but my rook cannot move, according to the rules.  So I guess, bishop takes F8. And of course, now my bishop also cannot move.  Man, this mission is going very wrong very quickly.  Knight D5. Very aggressive. I have a big feeling that he's about to blunder knight takes C7 check, but since my queen cannot move, I won't be able to take his knight, which means I'll have to advance my king instead.  Therefore, knight A6. You know what they say, better be safe than pregnant.  Queen D3. Ah ha, now the game truly begins. And then it ends at the same time.  Wow. I couldn't even say that it blunders the medusa but my bishop cannot move due to the rules.  Anyway. Mission, accomplished.  [outro music] 