 100 rated chess, but every piece, or pawn, that is on a prime number rank, cannot die.  Luck based challenge. For those of you guys who don't know, there are a lot of prime numbers,  but in this game, we only need to care about 2, 3, 5, and 7, which means that if there is anyone  dies on one of these ranks, the video ends. E4. E5. I mean it's pretty risky to put materials  on a mission rank, but as long as nothing crazy happens, I think it's going to be fine.  Okay it's not fine. Knight c6. All right now there are queen takes h7 queen takes f7 queen  takes e5 ending the video, but who plays like that anyway. Right? No doubt. Knight f6. Well I  mean I actually cannot take his queen because it's on a prime number rank, but if he can just play  queen g4 right now to avoid the mission's rules, that will be very convenient. Of course it doesn't  happen. Bishop e7. Queen f2. I really want to go d5 to open up the board, but that's just provoking  him to end my video. So I guess, castle. To be honest this is quite a peaceful game for the 100  rated elo. Nevermind. I really want to go knight d4 to threaten knight c2 forking his king and rook,  but as you can see, the c2 pawn is on a prime number rank, which is not available for this  video. Therefore, d6. H5. Very aggressive. I need to stop that. Rook h4. Ah ha, the 4th rank is  literally the only free rank that I can use to attack his army. Therefore, knight back to d7.  Bishop c4. After all of those moves, I can finally make some progress. That blunders a rook. I mean  I actually still cannot take his queen because it's on a mission rank, but if he can just take  my bishop right now and blunder his queen on a normal rank, that will be very convenient.  I solemnly swear, and I know that you still don't believe, but this guy is not a paid actor.  Queen takes h4 check. King e2. Testosterone. Knight d4 check. I bet he doesn't have enough  testosterone for this one. Sir, I'm very sorry I underestimated you. That blunders a king to knight  c5. Knight a3. Queen e1. Knight e2. Knight e2. Random move. Knight c1. Bishop e2. Queen e2.  Checkmate in 5. But those moves require me to capture on the 2nd rank, which is against the  rules, not to mention that I actually didn't see that during the game. Queen f4 check. I have no  doubt that he'll go king d3 instead of cowardly retreating. That's a real man right there. Knight  c5 check. King c3 is forced. A5. Knight e2. Aha! Now comes a very interesting situation.  I really want to go b5 with the idea of "Oh no, my queen and b4 checkmate with a pawn",  but there is a chance that he'll see my checkmating threat and go bishop takes b5,  which ends the video.  You know what? After seeing my opponent's tremendous amount of testosterone,  I can't afford to play such a coward move against him. Therefore, b5. Oh no my woman.  Ha! There we go. B4. Checkmate. Mission accomplished.  (shimmery music) 