 100 rated chess, but you cover the screen so you can't see the opponent's side of the board.  This sounds like an absolutely horrible idea and I'm gonna lose a bunch of subscribers after I've  lost my game. But of course, I'm not a coward. We get a 100 rated guy from the Philippines.  For context, I'm literally covering this part on my monitor, but for the video's sake,  I will only make it blurred so that you guys can keep track of what was happening up there.  Something was moved. Pushing center pawns is too dangerous as I literally cannot see the so-called  center. B6. Something was moved. Bishop B7. Queen H5. Ah ha. This is his third move,  so I suggested the first two moves were E4 and bishop C4, which means he is actually threatening  a checkmate in 1. Therefore, G6 is kinda forced, and I mean if he can just blunder his queen right  now when I can still see it, that will be very convenient. Well, very convenient. I'll take a  woman. Bishop takes H5. I have no idea how he could've taken with his bishop when it was supposed  to be on C4, but I guess there is no need to think about it. Bishop G7. Something was moved.  Knight F6. Trading pieces should be good when I'm up in materials. Something was moved. I'll take  this bishop. I mean who knows, maybe there was nothing defending that bishop and I get to win  another piece for free. Sadly it didn't happen. Knight C6. F5. We can easily see that this guy is  very aggressive for pushing both his F pawn and his G pawn very far forward. Castle. Now we also  see his E pawn. I don't want to risk taking that pawn when we don't know if he has a pawn defending  it or not. F6. Something was moved. Now I'll take this pawn. Something was moved. Ah ha. Now comes  the problem. Do I take this pawn? I mean his G pawn is over here, his E pawn is dead, so this  F pawn is definitely not defended by a pawn, his light square bishop is also dead, and I haven't  heard the sound effect of a castle yet, so I'm down to say that his rook is also not defending  this pawn, therefore, I'll take it. You may say that there might be a knight somewhere defending  it, but I don't buy it. H6. I'll pull my bishop. Ah ha. I cannot move my bishop, so now we know  that he has a rook somewhere on the G file, pinning my bishop to my king. So I guess,  rook F7. Alright, I'm blundering a bishop, but we can still hope that he'll take with his rook so  that I can trade down even more pieces. Perfect. Rook takes pawn takes. Queen E8. Beginner's tip,  don't take this pawn, instead use it as a shelter for your king. D5 queen F7 something moved queen  G7 knight H5 queen F7 something moved, ah ha. His light square bishop is dead, his G pawn is dead,  his king's side's rook is dead. YOLO. Amazing. And you know what, I'm so confident that I think he  won't be attacking my queen anytime soon, therefore, I'll move my rook. Something moved.  I'm almost out of time, so let's play a little bit more risky. Something moved. Knight back.  Something moved. I think his king is still on the E file, but queen E5 is too risky as that  square may be under control by his dark square bishop, so I guess, queen G6. Something moved.  Queen E6. And that sound effect was a check. Something moved. Man, I really don't know how  to make progress. D5. C takes D5. And I've just realized that there may be a horsey controlling  that square, so I'm actually blundering a fork. Queen D7. And he didn't take it. My time is almost  up, and I cannot see any ways to make any progress here. Therefore, I'll offer a draw. Knight B8.  Draw declined. And before my time runs out, I guess I'll just end the video right here.  [Music] 