 100 rated chess, but you must impress your Asian parents, all your achievements, which are captures, checks and checkmate, must be done on the A file.  The fact that you think that you can impress your Asian parents is already the biggest lie of the day.  But I guess it's hard to understand for those of you who are not Asians.  We get a 1-1-2 from India.  An impossible challenge against an Indian, please don't expect much from this video.  D4. Since I can only do things on the A file, A5. Opening up the file should be my first priority.  Bf4. This has to be my first time seeing a 100 rated player plays the London system.  Nf6.  C4. Here comes our first chance.  A4. The plan is very simple.  QxA4, RxA4, resignation.  Maybe not yet.  E6. Trust me, this move will come sooner or later.  Or now.  That blunders a woman.  Ha, now all we have to do is to wait for a resignation.  Nd2. Qe7.  Bd3. Qb4. Moving more pieces closer to the A file.  Rd1. That blunders a pawn.  Nf3. That blunders another pawn, but since it is not on the A file.  B6. I mean as long as he doesn't castle his king all the way to the other side, there is nothing to be worried about.  Fw1. Qa5 c5 Bxa6 Rb1. That blunders a bishop with a fork on the rooks, but since the bishop is not on the A file.  B5. I'll block my own bishop so I don't have to see that fork.  B4. Qa3 Rb3 Qa4.  Ng5. That blunders the other horsey, but once again since it is not on the A file.  I cannot take it. It's fine, all we have to do is to wait for a chance at a backrang checkmate.  Rfb1. Bp7. Just a random move, I really don't know what I have to do anymore.  Bxh7. That blunders a piece after Bg5 Bg5 Rh7, but once again, the rules ruled out all the fun.  E4. That blunders another bishop, and I'm too tired to talk about that.  Nc3. I mean if he can go Ra1 which blunders a very easy to see checkmate in 13, that will be very convenient.  Of course he's not a paid actor.  Ra1. Still no checkmate yet, but I'm too hopeless right now to think of something else.  Bxc7. And as soon as I think there is no checkmate, he decided to blunder Rb1 Rc1 Rc1 Nf1 Rf1 sacrificing the Rd1 checkmate in 4.  But I cannot do that. Nc6.  Bp5. Ha! F6. Get forked and resign please. Or not.  E5. After he takes this pawn, I can go Nd4.  Or he can use his knight to prevent Nd4.  There is once again a very easy to see checkmate in 19 in this position, and since everyone can see it, there's no need to pause the video to think.  Kf7 De5 Ra1 e6 Ke8 e5 Qa2. Please at least take this rook and give me some hope.  You know what? There is no way I can win this game, I'm just gonna end the video right here. Have a nice day.  [Music] 