 100 rated chess, but you're a bounty hunter, start off by choosing a piece.  Not pawn, you cannot capture any pieces. Not pawns, except your chosen one.  And when you do, repeat the cycle. I didn't take the fortune telling class when I was in Hogwarts.  But of course, I'm not afraid of it. We get a 100 rated guy from Malaysia.  And since I'm obviously not a coward, the first piece to choose, is definitely the queen.  E4. A5. War-ray defense. D4. Rook A6. Aha! That blunders a rook. But sadly,  I cannot take it before I get his queen. C4. Let's just block away my bishop so that I won't  have to think about this. Rook D6. Free tempo, E5. I mean the situation will become pretty  problematic if he decides to take this pawn, but who plays like that anyway? Right?  F6. I feel like this guy is laughing so hard at my face for not being able to take his rook due  to the rules, so I have to take this pawn. He takes F6. Bishop E3. The plan is very simple,  bishop D3, queen H5 check, G6, bishop G6, H takes G6, queen takes G6 and he'll have to expose his  king. Queen E7. My opponent saw through my entire plan and decided to pin this bishop so that bishop  D3 will be blundering my D pawn. So I guess, knight F3. This move alone proves that this guy  is actually a smurf and his real rating should be around 2000 points rapid. G5. As soon as I block  away my queen, he pushed his G pawn just to annoy the fact that I can no longer play queen H5.  So I guess, I'll sacrifice this knight. Bishop H6. That was a pre-move by the way. Queen H5 check.  King D8. Knight F7 check. Ha, now he has no choice but to take my knight because he can  obviously see that king E8 is blundering knight E6 double check king F8 knight C8 losing 8 points  of material. Right? I cannot take any of these rooks due to the rules, but I also don't want  knight G5 going for a repetitional draw. Knight E5 discovered check. Please just block the check  with your queen. Thank you. Now that finally blunders a woman. And the next piece is obviously  his bishop. Or resignation. Mission accomplished.  [Music] 