 100 rated chess, but it's freezing, pieces and pawns which are unmoved for 5 turns.  Die. You won't believe how much time it took me to read the above text, but of course,  still much shorter than the time you've been made unless. We get a 167 from the Philippines.  E4. This challenge is actually very difficult as my amount of possible usable material is  very limited depending on how many things I can move out in the first 5 moves, so the first move  is obviously, E5. Opening up the lines for pieces to come out in the next 4 moves. Knight F3. Ah ha,  defending that pawn is an option, but I'll go for, bishop C5. I'm gambiting this pawn so that  he won't be able to develop too many things against my limited size army, and in no world  do you attack my bishop right now to force me to waste a move to save it. F***. I'll take that pawn.  I mean even if he takes with queen right now, I don't know if I even want to spend a move to take  her. Thank you. I'll develop my queen. Well, at least now he doesn't have any ways to attack my  queen and make me waste another move. Nevermind. What is wrong with this guy? I'll take that pawn.  So now instead of having 4 pieces, I only have 2, the rest are all dead according to the rules,  and in no world do you block with your queen here that blunders a horsey.  Well, I mean that also blunders a horsey, but it's good for me. F3. That blunders a pawn,  but of course I'm not gonna do that. The only thing I can think of now is to pray for some  luck at an early checkmate. G3. Queen C5. Please don't see anything. Knight C3. Okay. Here we go.  Queen F2 check. King D2 is forced. Alright, now I have 2 choices, continue to check with the queen  and get a draw by repetition, or check with the bishop and hope that something greater will happen  with a bigger risk of losing this challenge. You know what? I'm not a coward. King D3 is forced.  Bishop back to B6. I mean if he goes back to D2, maybe I'll really have to think about a repetition,  but if he goes to C4, I'll resign this game to none of this giga-chat.  Ha! Coward. That blunders a king.  Mission accomplished.  [Music] 