 100 rated chess, but Edward the E-pawn is A-V-I-P. You must escort him to the end of the board with  an entourage of at least 2 pieces or pawns, protecting him at all times. Sounds a bit too  much work, but he paid me. We get a 100 rated American. D4. Of course I will refrain from  pushing Edward in the early game. D6. Knight C3. Still book moves. No more book moves. D5.  E5. Ah ha, that creates a chance for a French move. But again, that move is not forced.  B takes E6. Knight F3. I also need to refrain from taking too many pieces as it may provoke  him to resign from the game. Knight H6. Trading pieces is also not good for me as I need a lot  of things to escort Edward. Bishop G5 instead. Knight back down. That blunders a woman,  and even though I said I should not take too many things, I can not be a coward. It's actually fine  though, based on how he's been playing, I'm pretty sure he's not one of those people who resign  immediately after losing their queen. Right? No doubt. Free pawn. Need to clear these pawns so  Edward can have an open row to advance. Bishop E6. Free pawn. King C8. I need one more piece  supporting E4, and what can be better than my own woman? Knight F6. Here we go. E4. Even if D5 I can  push E5 and there will still be 2 pieces supporting the pawn, and in no world do you take it now.  No world, including this one.  Of course. Castle. H5. Bishop C4. Bishop takes queen dates. D5 I'll take instead of pushing  like before, and quite frankly this is getting pretty hard to make progress as he's not leaving  any opens in the center. But at least he's not taking my pawn. Rook over. Rook up. Knight E5  check. King down. Need to be careful to avoid an accident checkmate. Knight takes F7. Rook G6.  Ah ha. Finally, I can get rid of this pawn. Bishop takes rook dates. Rook takes G2. E5 is not  supported enough at the moment. Rook E6. I don't care about that pawn. E5 is available now, but  then knight G5 will be a bit annoying, I'll trade that down first. Thank you. Queen takes of course.  Alright, now the way is fully opened, all I need right now is that my opponent manages to make 5  moves within the last 10 seconds. Good start. That blunders a king, but pawn push.  Please move.  8 seconds, and still blundering the king.  Mission not accomplished.  You 