 100 rated chess, but your pieces have scopophobia, they cannot move through a square visited by an  enemy piece. Or pawn. Let's go, we get a 178 from Australia. E4. In order to avoid my opponent  pushing too many pawns and taking away too many squares, I need to push my pawns first.  D5. Ah ha, the challenge said that I cannot move through a square visited by my opponent,  but didn't say that I cannot move on to those squares. Therefore, E takes D5. Queen takes D5.  Knights E3. And I guess we'll just assume that knights can jump directly from one square to  another, which means the horses are immune to this challenge. And I'm not a coward.  Queen C6. That blunders a queen. Bishop B5. Ha, maybe he will even resign right now.  Queen D7. Wait. Now if I take his queen, my bishop will be traveling through the C6 square,  which has been visited by his queen before, which ends the video.  Wow. Even I didn't see that. D4. I'm sure this guy has a secret camera inside my room.  C6. I'll go back. It's fine, it's not like I need to win his queen to win this challenge anyway.  Knight F6. Bishop G5. And then in this position, something unexpected happened.  He spent 1 minute and 25 seconds on the clock. To blunder a horsey. And of course I can take it.  C5. That continues to blunder a pawn. Well I mean if he can also blunder his queen next,  that will be very convenient. I solemnly swear, and I know you guys won't believe it anyway,  but this guy is 100% not a paid actor. I'll take his queen. Again, we've already agreed that knights  jump from one square to another, so it definitely did not travel through the C6 square like chess.com  said. King takes D7. Very aggressive. Bishop F4. E5. D takes E5 discover check. King C7. That  blunders a king. E takes F6 discover check. King B6. Ah ha, now there is queen D8 king C5 queen D5  king B4 queen B5 checkmate in 3, but since queen D8 is traveling through the D5 and D7 square,  I cannot do that due to the rules. So I guess, queen D4 check. King A5. Queen D5. Resignation.  Mission accomplished.  [Music] 