 100 rated chess, but the queens are very shy. Make sure they don't touch any pieces.  Not pawns. Very challenging. In case you don't know, in the 100 rated e-low, they move their  queens. A lot. E4. As you can see, both of our queens are obviously touching the other pieces,  which is against the rules, but since this is the starting position of the game,  there's nothing I can do about it. So let's just say, that the challenge only starts when the  queens don't touch any pieces. E5. Alright. Here we go. Queen F3. Now since my queen is  not touching any pieces anymore, the challenge is officially activated on my queen. Bishop C5.  Bishop C4. As long as he doesn't bring his queen out and activate the challenge,  I still have total control of this game. Thank you. For those of you who are watching,  feel free to pause the video right now to find the checkmate in 1 for white,  while I don't give you any seconds to do so, because it was too obvious. Congratulations  on spotting queen F7. But no, that move makes my queen touches his king and his knight,  which is against the rules. Therefore, bishop takes F7 check. The checkmate was against the  rules, but I mean if he can play king E7 now and totally lock down his queen,  it will still be very convenient. Of course it doesn't happen. Knight D4 forking my queen and  the C2 pawn will be very problematic. Therefore, C3. D5. That blunders a pawn. Bishop F5. Ah ha,  now his queen is officially not touching anything, which means the challenge is now activated on both  women. He takes F5. I mean queen D6, queen E7, or even queen D8 will end the video,  but who plays such random moves like those anyway. Right? There we go. That blunders a horsey.  And since I'm attacking his bishop with my pawn, there is no way he's ending my video now. Right?  Of course. I'll take this pawn. Again, I'm attacking his rook,  so in no world does he end my video now. Queen H4. Very aggressive. That blunders a rook. But do I  even take it though, because now there is queen F4 ending the video, and unlike the last few moves,  I think that this move looks very natural. You know what? I'm not gonna risk it. D3. I mean at  least that can stop queen F4, now let's just hope that he will not blunder queen takes F2. Or that.  What the f-  [Music] 