 100 rated chess. But can't we have a normal chess? Having a normal game of chess from time to time  ain't so bad right? In fact, not just this guy, but there have been like a thousand people telling  me to make a video like this ever since the start of this channel. Well, so even though I absolutely  don't see where the fun is in such video, let's just see how it goes. An absolutely normal chess  game against an absolutely normal opponent. E4. Absolutely normal opening move. D5. Well most  people don't play Scandinavian in an absolutely normal chess game, but you know, it's still an  absolutely normal chess opening. Knight F3. K, I know that most people will just take the pawn in  an absolutely normal chess game, but I like this opening more when I play against a 100 rated  opponent. And by the way, that is still a book move. E5. Ah ha, he decided to go from the  Scandinavian defense to the elephant gambit, which is of course, still an absolutely normal chess  opening. Except the fact that I think this opening sucks. Let's take this pawn. And of course,  capturing a pawn is also an absolutely normal behavior in a chess game. Knight F6. Let's take  this pawn too. Taking 2 pawns in a row doesn't seem very normal at all, but you know, it does  happen sometimes. Queen takes. A pawn trade, which is again, absolutely normal. D4. Protecting my  knight against an attack is also normal. Bishop F5. C4. Attacking a queen in the middle of the  board is definitely also very popular in chess. Bishop D6. Well, I think blundering a queen is  not really a normal thing in a chess game, but you know, it does happen sometimes. C takes D5.  Bishop takes E5. Ah ha. Normally you wouldn't want to trade when you're down in materials,  but since my knight was very strong in the middle of the board, I think that was also a kinda normal  decision to be made. D takes E5. Losing both center pawns, the queen, and allowing the opponent  to have both center pawns with a very big center is not something that normally happens in a normal  chess game, but again, it does happen sometimes. Knight FD7. And a resignation. Resigning is also  a very normal behavior when your position is too bad. So I guess. Mission, accomplished.  (upbeat music)  ♪ Oh oh oh oh ♪ 