 I'm better than my viewers. Yeah of course I am. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to another episode  of I'm better than my viewers. Today's challenger is a guy called Pythag, #secondtry. I'll take this  rook first. Let's see if his second try is better than the first one. Bishop takes g7. Rook takes g7.  It's never wrong to just give a check. Rook takes rook. Rook takes rook. Alright, now the game truly  begins. The best move right now should be blocking with his knight. But I mean if he can just decide  to block with his queen, that will be very convenient. Sadly he's not a paid actor. I'll  take this rook. I mean there were too many things to take, so may as well just take the highest value  piece. Queen takes e5. That blunders a horsey, c takes d4. Well maybe instead of a horsey,  he can also give me a queen. Of course it doesn't happen. Knight takes rook takes pawn takes queen  takes d4 check. Bishop blocks. I'll say that there are a little bit too many pieces on this diagonal.  Queen takes b2. A queen sacrifice, and since I'm obviously not a coward. I'll take it. You know  what they say, if you see someone sacrificing a woman, they are definitely making a mistake.  c takes d3. Ah ha, so this is what he was trying to do. Bishop takes is just a huge blunder for  allowing rook c1 check, which forces my king to advance forward unless I want to be checkmated.  And knight takes pawn takes knight takes bishop takes bishop takes will also allow rook c1 check,  and even though it is not as dangerous as the other variation, it is still very lethal,  so after spending like 2 minutes on the clock, I finally found. Knight takes a4. That was really  dangerous back there, but as someone who has to put the knight on the rim multiple times for the  videos, I was supposed to find that move. Rook c2 rook c2 dc2. Knight takes b6. Queen takes will  be very convenient, but there is no way that can ever happen. Bishop takes. Well at least there is  no way he's taking with king. Of course. Rook blocks. ea3 rook c2 bishop f7 I'll take this  horse ea2 ah ha. Now rook takes should be the best move, but since I want to put my rook on c7,  let's try to take a risk. Bishop takes b3. Rook c7. Bishop a2. Rook h7. Alright, come down and  check me with your only woman left. Woman check. King g2. Queen b2 check. Ah ha. I figured that it  will take too long to checkmate him, especially when I still haven't seen any checkmates yet.  Therefore, king g1 queen b1 king g2 queen b2 king g1. Queen b1 is drawn by repetition,  which means I'm better than my viewers because I managed to get a draw from a worse position,  but then he went for? Queen a1 check. King g2. Alright, now we know that he doesn't want a draw,  let's go for a win, but then in this exact position, something unexpected happened.  Queen b2 draw by repetition. Well, I'm better than my viewers.  So,  (upbeat music)  (upbeat music) 