 100 rated chess, but you must checkmate your opponent's king while all four corners of the board are occupied by your pieces.  Ha ha, can't add or pawns.  Very funny. We get a 250 from Saudi Arabia.  E4. E5.  This challenge sounds absolutely terrifying because not only do I have to avoid a resignation,  but I also need to keep a lot of materials alive because I already have to keep 4 pieces in 4 corners,  the remaining pieces have to be enough to deliver a checkmate,  which is to say, that you shouldn't be expecting too much from this video.  Knight F3 Knight F6 Bishop E5 I'll take this pawn D3 Knight D6.  Knight takes E5. That blunders a bishop, but do I even take it though,  because if I take it, my opponent may decides to resign oh well who cares anyway.  As always, I'm not a coward.  Bishop E3. Queen F6. I mean as long as he doesn't blunder anything too crazy,  I won't take too much to cause a resignation.  Nevermind. I obviously cannot lose my rook because that is one of the corner pieces.  Therefore, king takes F7. Taking with the king will give him some reasons to continue playing this game instead of resigning from it.  Knight C3. That blunders a pawn. Knight takes pawn takes queen takes,  I technically don't want to put my queen in the corner because I need her for the checkmate,  so you better block with your bishop here.  Bishop blocks. I'll go back.  Castle. B6. The idea is that I want bishop B7 aiming for the corner,  and I've just realized, that it actually blunders queen H5 G6 queen D5 losing this corner instead.  Ha! Doesn't matter. Bishop B7.  Rook F E1. Very aggressive.  Bishop C5. Bishop C3. That blunders a bishop.  I mean as long as he doesn't blunder his queen, I'm pretty sure that he won't resign the game that easily.  Are you serious? That blunders a woman, but of course, I cannot take it.  I mean a move like queen G7 is basically forcing me to take his queen or lose this challenge.  But who plays like that anyway? Right?  Of course, that still blunders the queen, but I really don't like to advance my king anymore because it is too risky.  So I guess, I don't have a choice.  Rook takes king F7 Rook E1. Bishop A3. Marching the bishop to the corner.  Rook E7 check. That blunders a rook, but of course I cannot take it.  Rook 1 E6 check. King F5.  Rook F7 check. You know what? I'm sick of this.  King takes E6. If he only has 1 rook, he won't think about checking anymore.  Rook takes G7. I'm not even gonna mention about that blunder.  Bishop B2. Alright, one more move and we'll only have one more corner to solve.  Yeah there's no way this challenge is doable.  [Music] 