 Okay. Draw. I have absolutely no idea how this can be a draw, but let's try it out anyway.  Welcome to episode 7 of I'm Better Than My Viewers, and the challenger this time is a guy  called Sylvia. As you can see, Stockfish is saying that White has a big advantage,  but since Stockfish hates me, I'm not gonna believe that. But anyway, these pawns are gonna  change their gender really soon, therefore, let's spring more pieces into the defense.  And wow, a blunder on move 1, who would have thought. G-pawn changes gender. Queen cf1.  More pieces into the defense. G2. Bishop d3. Since I only have to fight against pawns,  bishops and queens are basically the same. Another G-pawn changes gender. I'll take with queen.  G3. Ah ha, it's time to take the risk and turn the table. Queen takes h3, I mean G2 should be  the best move now, but it is also very difficult to see because it hangs the f3-pawn, and he  immediately found it. Wow. Alright, I'll take this pawn, I mean what else can I do anyway.  Ha! Nevermind, I think that is the wrong move because that queen was supposed to help the  h-pawn to change gender, but now, there is queen takes b1, now after another G-pawn changes gender,  it's just the same thing as the beginning of the game. There we go. Queen f1 again. G4. Very  aggressive. Queen h1. G3. This pawn obviously needs a supporter to go to G2, therefore, bishop d1,  I mean at least that stops f3, but if he finds h3, bishop f3. It's fine, e4 then I'll have  to sacrifice. E4. Bishop takes f takes bishop takes d5 and bishop back to f3. It's fine,  it's not like he can find e5 and then e4. This guy is absolutely destroying me right here. King e2,  I need to move this queen, or else my other queen will be overloaded. E4, queen takes h3.  E6. I think that was a mouse slip as he was trying to play e5. But you know, I'm not gonna  complain about it. Bishop takes f6 check. Finally, a check from me. King h7. Bishop e5.  Everything is great, as soon as I can eliminate all of these pawns, the game will be mine.  D6. Man this guy just doesn't like my bishop at all. I'll take this pawn. Finally, queen takes f3.  As you can see, Stockfish now thinks it's only 3.6 for black, but to be honest, I think he just  hates me because this should be better for me, and the fish just doesn't want to accept it.  Each pawn changes gender. Queen takes queen takes queen takes e5 bishop g3 c5 bishop f2 e4 queen  h3 c4 and in this position, there is a checkmate in 5 for white, so if you're interested, please  feel free to pause the video right now to find the checkmate pattern, while I don't give you any  seconds to do so, and the idea is to move the bishop closer, and then queen d7 d3 queen takes  f7. Checkmate. And once again, I'm better than my viewers.  [Music] 