 100 rated chess, but it's International Women's Day, your queen is MVP of the game,  making the most captures, the most moves, and delivering checkmate. The last part obviously  sounds way too luck-based, because my opponent will most likely resign the game as my queen  is causing chaos in his territory, so I guess, I'll completely delete that part.  That sounds much better, but before the video begins, have you ever been in a situation that  you are about to checkmate your opponent and then they said, resign right now or I'll expose your IP  address to everyone on the internet? Well, with NordVPN, you don't have to worry about those guys.  Anymore. Is your computer full of malware because you didn't know anything about computer so you  accidentally downloaded them and then don't know how to get rid of them? Well, then I would suggest  you clean your SSD first, and then go for, NordVPN. Are you tired of seeing unnecessary too many ads  on every single website that you visit? NordVPN can remove those ads for you. Are you living in  a country that bans YouTube but somehow still able to find my videos? I bet you are using,  NordVPN. If you are interested, check out NordVPN at their website through the link in the description  below, or if you have too much time to spare, just pause the video and type this link with your own  hands in a new browser tab. Back to the game, we get a 1 1 7 from Italy. E4. E5. This makes my  Epawn is the MVP of the game since he's made the most amount of moves, but in order to move my  queen out, I of course need to make way for her first. Knight F3. Here we go. Queen F6. The massacre  starts here. Knight takes E5. That blunders a horsey, and unlike all of those videos where  there is always a random reason preventing me from taking that horsey, this time, I'll take  it without a doubt. Now my queen is officially the MVP of the game, let's just not let any pieces take  their position away from her. Queen F3. It's going to be hard to play with only a queen. Bishop C5.  Please don't offer a queen trade. Of course I cannot let my woman die on women's day. Queen E7.  Also need to be careful though, I cannot let his queen be the MVP instead of my queen.  My woman is better than yours. Bishop C4. Ah ha. He's trying to attack my Epawn, and even though  my queen is obviously already defending it, there is always a chance that he cannot see it and  proceed to take the pawn which forces a queen trade. So I guess. Knight F6. Completely preventing  the threat is definitely the better idea. And no, I'm not a coward. E5. Very aggressive. Knight C6.  To those of you who are about to comment that I'm blundering a horsey, you suck. Bishop E6.  What kind of move is that? He is sacrificing his bishop just to unpin his pawn, but I cannot take  his bishop with my queen because of a possible queen trade. I cannot take his bishop with my  pawn because that will force him to move his queen more times than I move my queen. I also  cannot retreat my knight because of the F7 pawn. So in conclusion, what the f*** am I supposed to do?  Ha. My queen moved 3 times, which is the most in this game, but she has only captured once,  which equals to his dead horsey. So I guess. Mission. Kinda accomplished.  [outro music] 