 I'm better than my viewers, barrage of lunatic pawns. And I'm Adenliss again. Men and women and  none of the above, welcome to another I'm better than my viewers video, the series that I made so  that I can play chess with my fans, and today's fan is a guy called, Antti. But still, he is a fan.  As you have seen in the title, after analyzing this position for this amount of time,  Stockfish has finally found the checkmate in one hidden in this very position.  So if you are interested in beating Stockfish, please feel free to pause the video to find  the hardest checkmate in one ever existed in history, while I give you a few seconds to do so.  So for those of you who were able to do it, f*** you, you didn't find it, you are just lying to  yourself and to everyone else, and for those of you who just want to enjoy the show, good job,  you knew your limit and you acknowledged well the fact that we are human and there is no way  we can do something that computer struggles for an entire minute straight. And the answer is,  there was no checkmate in one, Stockfish was drunk, chess.com, please fix this. F7 check.  Knight takes. E takes F7 check again. King F8. Quite frankly, just don't mind the evaluation  bar on the left because even Stockfish doesn't know what it is doing. G7 check. King takes F7.  Knight A1 knight C2 is a very problematic smothered checkmate threat. So I guess, I'll  eliminate this knight first. Knight takes D4. He's still aiming for that smothered mate. Knight A3.  I don't even want to imagine how many people are going to unsubscribe to this channel if I get  smothered. Bishop E4. I'll take this queen first. Bishop takes A3. That removes the defender of the  checkmate, so now I have to take this knight. Creating a free square for my king to move to.  Knight C2 check. King F2. Bishop takes G4. I'll take this bishop. Queen D4 check. King G2.  Bishop takes B2. Ah ha, as you can see, Stockfish doesn't like that move a lot,  so if I make the correct move here, my opponent is totally dead. D takes C3. And that wasn't the  correct move. Queen takes C3. Ha, Stockfish has given me another chance, and this time,  I will be aggressive. Queen G8 B7 rook C5, B8 equals queen is probably the best move in this  position, but since there is nothing can stop that from happening, I'll take this bishop first. No  need to rush, there is no way my opponent can win this game anymore unless I mouse slip something  absolutely terrifying. Rook H4 G H4 Bishop C1 rook A C1 rook A6. Now I make a woman.  E takes D6. Knight E2. I mean who knows, maybe he'll blunder his queen right now.  Of course that doesn't happen. King F3.  Well, I guess it is safe to say, that a viewer cannot be a paid actor. That blunders a woman.  Knight takes D1. No need to worry about a lonely knight. H7. Queen takes G7. Ah ha.  Each pawn underpromotes to a horsey, and even though that horsey didn't live for long.  E takes D5. Checkmate with a pawn. I'm better than my viewers.  [Music] 