 100 rated chess, but you don't follow opening principles.  Man, the idea shortage is getting really really serious.  But anyway, according to this article on chess.com by international master Daniel Wrench,  there are a few opening principles as followed.  Develop, don't bring queen out early, get castled, and connect the rooks.  Therefore, e4, moving a pawn is definitely not following any of those principles.  Knight c6. d4. Again, pawns moves are safe.  Knight f6. e5. Ha, maybe I can actually win this game with the pawns alone.  Knight e4. Very aggressive. f3. Knight takes d4.  Ah ha, the principles said that I shouldn't bring my queen out early.  Therefore, let's bring the queen out. And of course,  let's just assume that developing a queen is not really a development.  Knight c3. Knight takes is best, but that is also developing my knight,  which is one of the opening principles, which is against the rules.  Therefore, I'll take with pawn. d5. The French move.  e6. f4. Dude, if you really think about it, I guess I can only use my queen and  pawns to checkmate him this game. e5. Pawn takes. I mean if he can just  blunder his bishop now, that will definitely help a lot.  I solemnly swear that this guy is not an actor,  no matter paid or unpaid. e takes d6. c takes d6. Queen takes g7.  I mean it will be hard to checkmate his king when I don't have any center pawns  left, so let's just force him to resign instead.  f5. That blunders a rook. King e7. That blunders a queen to bishop g5  skewer the couple, but sadly, that is a developing of a move,  which is against the rules. Therefore, I'll take this pawn instead.  King e6. g4. I mean that blunders a pawn, but if somehow he doesn't take it, I can  bring in another pawn into the attack. Well, that's sad.  Queen e4 check. It's fine, now since my queen is forking his king and pawn,  king f7 is expected so that his bishop can defend his pawn,  and then there is queen h7, king e6, queen back to e4 and then we repeat  moves for a draw. Nevermind. Continue checking for a draw  may not work because queen e7 is forcing a queen trade and I cannot  allow that. Therefore, c4. Let's bring in more  materials. Queen a5 check.  c3 is kinda forced. In no world do you take this pawn.  Wow! That blunders a queen, but once again,  that is developing a piece. Therefore, king d1. It's fine, at least now his  queen is not defending his king anymore, I will have more chance of getting a  draw. Queen takes a1. Queen h7 check.  King c6. Queen e4 check. c5. That should be really bad. Queen takes  c5 check. King c7. Bishop f4 is 100% leading to  some checkmates, but sadly, c5.  c6. Wow! I can't believe I actually did it. That blunders a king. Queen d6 check.  King b7 is forced and then c6. Checkmate with a pawn.  Mission accomplished.  [Music] 