 100 rated chess, but your queen is an Asian mom, every time she sees a piece. Or pawn,  that piece must achieve an achievement, and she must not see anyone dies. As an Asian  myself, I can ensure you that all the Asian moms will always see you as a failure regardless  of how many achievements you have, especially when you get an A- in math. But anyway, we  get a 166 that is not from the Asia region.  Knight F3. Since my mom can always spot me doing bad things regardless of how far I am  away from her, we definitely have to assume that the queen can see through all of her  pieces.  B5. At the moment, I can only move the things that the queen doesn't see.  D4. G6. I mean G5 will be putting the G pawn into mommy's vision, so G6 is actually the  furthest I can go.  Knight C3. Alright, since mommy definitely sees this bishop right here, he needs to make  an achievement in case he wants to move. Therefore, bishop H6. Achievement, attacking a piece.  And for the difficulty purpose, we'll assume that attacking a pawn can not be considered  as an achievement, just like every time I get an A+ in math.  Bishop takes H6. My bishop dies, but since mom didn't see that happen, the video continues.  Knight takes H6. Achievement, capturing a piece.  Knight takes B5. I want to castle, but since that move doesn't have any achievements, even  the king himself doesn't want to mess with his wife.  Bishop A6. Achievement, attacking a piece, and in no world do you take this pawn just  to end my video.  Knight back to C3. Alright, now let's go to phase 2 of my amazing plan.  Queen C8. That move didn't have any achievements, but we all know very clear, that moms are  never disappointed in themselves.  E4. Bishop takes A6 will make mom sees her bishop dies, which is a lot of emotional damage.  Therefore, I'll take his bishop first. Again, my bishop will also die, but as long as the  queen doesn't see it, everything is good.  King takes F1. Queen A6 check. Ha, the plan is to move the queen away from seeing the  first 2 ranks, so now I can move all these pieces and pawns freely without having to  worry about the challenge.  King E1. Castle. Of course, as soon as mom doesn't see, dad goes back to sleep.  Queen D3. Letting mom dies is a coward move to avoid the challenge, therefore, queen B6.  Knight A4. Queen A5 check.  B4. Queen takes A4. You know what, on second thought, maybe I'll just use mommy and not  worry about the challenge instead of using all the other pieces.  Knight E5. Mom sees David. D6. Achievement, attacking a piece.  Knight D7. Very aggressive. Knight takes D7. E5 D E5 D E5 Knight E5. Achievement, capturing  a pawn.  King E4. Rook F D8. Since mommy doesn't see this center knight, I guess it's fine to just  sacrifice him and try to get a quick checkmate.  Rook D1. I'll take this pawn. Rook takes Rook takes is totally fine with achievement capturing  a rook.  G3. Ah ha, that is very nasty, he is opening up the way for his queen to defend his rook,  so that after rook D1 king D1 queen A1 king E2 queen H1 is blundering a mother.  A sudden resignation. Mommy's still not proud, but anyway. Mission, accomplished.  [Music] 